






The Changed

By

William Hawthorne






















	Born at the start of the roaring twenties, Jacob DeGrose was a happy child.  Growing up on his family's farm in Oklahoma, he enjoyed working hard along side of his father.  Jacob and his brother would often try and finish their work as fast as they could so that they could play, or go off on some sort of adventure.  Often times they would find themselves in the typical boys will be boys trouble.  Just as hard of a worker as his father was, his mother was just as loving.
	Jacob's mother always had a loving word for her boys.  She kept the house clean, clothes washed, and made sure all of her boys had a meal to eat.  Jacob's parents were the perfect example of how opposites balanced each other out .  They complemented each other so well, and Jacob saw the love they had for each other.  He dreamed of one day having the same with someone.
	Every Sunday the family attended the local church services.  The thing that Jacob's father tried to instill in his boys most was a strong work ethic, and to have an even stronger faith in God.  Jacob and his David would often take turns every Sunday trying to sneak a frog into church.  As such small boys they  felt like all of God's creatures needed to hear his word.  Of course they would be scolded by their father in front of everyone for their antics, but later at night Jacob could hear their parents laughing about it.
	Life was grand growing up for Jacob.  He loved going to church, and had planned to one day becoming a pastor.  His faith was strong as a young man, and he believed that he was going to do great things one day with the help of God.  However, things change at moments notice.  That is exactly what happened to Jacob when he got the call to go off to war. 
	The war had ended and some time had passed, but Jacob never returned to his farm in Oklahoma.  The boy that was so full of faith and hoped of big things, suddenly was a shell of himself. So much guilt and shame filled Jacob, that he was so ashamed to face his family.  Depression and despair now filled Jacob.
	His eyes cracked to reveal a pitch black room.  The only sound Jacob could hear, was the ringing of his alarm clock.  He laid there for a moment dreading to face the day.  This was something that has become a normal routine for him.  As he began to stir he wiped the sleep out of his eyes and let out a sigh.
	Jacob DeGrose had become a private investigator, once he left the war.  It was the 1950's and he has seen the worst that humanity has to offer.  Jacob's path has exposed him to death, heartache and despair.  Once a strong faith and belief in God, has now turned into a strong emptiness.     
	He was well liked by many, yet felt a disconnect with everyone.  Everyday he went through life with great apathy.   He was just going through the motions, with no real emotions or connection to anyone.  He still believed in God and what he is capable of doing.  However, he just didn't believe that he was worth God's time or effort.
	In his line of work Jacob has seen a lot of infidelity.  The actions of others has helped contribute to his disconnect.  As well as his own experiences of being cheated on multiple times.  He often times finds himself felling as if he is being punished by God.  But for what, Jacob doesn't know.
	He remembers growing up with just a simple dream.  Find a good woman to marry, and raise a couple of children.  He wanted church on Sunday and family outings. Jacob was never one for fame and fortune.  He was willing to work hard to provide the best life he could for his family.
	However, reality is a far cry from dreams.  Jacob had began to smoke and drink.  Something that his mother was strongly against growing up.  Cold and bitter Jacob had no interest or desire in becoming close to anyone else again.  Depression had gripped Jacob so deep, that he often wondered why he continued to go on.  The constant battle within him to give up, and to keep going in hopes that things would improve and change weighed heavily upon Jacob.
	He finally stirred about and climbed into the shower.  He stood there letting the warm water flow over his body. Hoping by some miracle that the water would wash away his troubles.  Once again just going through the motions, Jacob continued getting ready for the day.
	He finished his shower and got dressed.  Eventually making his way to the kitchen to make his breakfast.  It was his typical bacon and eggs with his coffee and cigarette.  Jacob sat starring out the window aimlessly as he chewed his food slowly.  Once he finished his meal Jacob grabbed his overcoat and hat before heading out the door to his office.
	His office was within walking distance from his apartment and every  morning he made that slow journey.  Along the way there was a news stand that Jacob stopped by daily for his morning paper and cigarettes.  Each morning the man tried his best to turn Jacob's sad, depressed face into a smile.  Unsuccessfully, the mans attempts failed as he watched Jacob walked away in the same way he arrived.
	Jacob finally arrived at his office, and opened the door to his dark, dingy space.  He hung up his coat on the stand by the door and made his way towards his desk.  Once he sat at his desk, Jacob reached into the bottom drawer and pulled out a glass and bottle of bourbon.  He poured himself a glass, lit a cigarette, and kicked back into his chair.  He leaned back and kicked his feet on the desk as he began to read the paper.

















						Ch, 2



	The day drug on, as if time was dragging a boat anchor around its neck.  Jacob had finished all of his active cases early that morning.  A bunch of infidelity cases that he was more than happy to get rid of and have finished.  The remainder of the day Jacob spent drinking, smoking and staring aimlessly out the window.  Depression had sunk in so hard that when his feet were kicked up on the desk, he tipped his hat forward over his eyes and took a nap.
	The day was finally near the end and Jacob was preparing to go home.  No sooner than Jacob had lit a cigarette, and was ready to grab his coat, the door had opened.  Jacob looked up to see a woman enter wearing a sundress and straw hat.  As she approached she became clearer to Jacob.  He pushed his hat back, and his jaw dropped open with the cigarette hanging from his lips.
	For a man who had become so cold and emotionless found himself suddenly stunned.  Jacob had become captivated with the woman approaching.  She was a short blonde with wavy hair.  Her eyes were crystal blue, as if they were filled with the waters from the Caribbean.  Her light, airy sundress swooshed as she walked.
	Growing up in the south Jacob had seen his fair share of southern belles, and this woman looked every bit the part.  The straw hat that she wore had sunflowers on a band around it, and sundress took Jacob back home for a moment.  Jacob found her eyes to be captivating and her smile to be warm and inviting.  Suddenly, without any reason his heart began to race.
	She removed her hat as she approached to sit down.  Jacob quickly put out his cigarette when he stood up.  Normally so cold and distant, Jacob suddenly found himself as nervous as a schoolboy.  He walked around his desk to clear a chair that had files piled up in it.  He nervously dusted off the chair and offered her a seat.  The lady smiled as brightly as the sun as she sat down.
	“Mr. DeGrose?” she asked.
	“Please call me Jacob.” he answered nervously.
	“Okay, Jacob.” she said once again smiling at him.
	“How may I help you?” Jacob asked as he wondered to himself what kind of man would cheat a woman as beautiful as her.
	“My name is Bethany Taylor, and I need your help.” she told him.
	“Okay, Mrs. Taylor! How may I help you?” he asked.
	“Oh, I'm not married.  So you can call me Bethany.  Anyways I work at a church as a secretary. Its about an hour from here, and things are coming up missing.” she explained to Jacob.
	Jacob was taken back and surprised by what she had told him.  All of his cases were women who were trying to catch their cheating husbands.  And for the first time in a long time, Jacob wasn't approached about infidelity.  When you do something so much for so long that anything different is a welcome sight.
	“How long has this been going on?”Jacob asked.
	“A few weeks now.”Bethany answered.
	“What kind of items are missing?” Jacob continued to question.
	“Some crosses, a few small paintings, and a couple of bibles.” Bethany informed him.
	“Bibles!” Jacob exclaimed with a stunned look on his face.
	“Yeah.” Bethany said with a sigh.
	“Well maybe they need it.” Jacob asked as he placed his hat on his desk.  “How many people does the church employee?”
	“Well during the week there are three of us.  Pastor Davis, myself and the man that cleans the church. His name is Stephen.  The pastor and I stay in our offices most of the day, and Stephen is such a sweet man, and doesn't have an evil bone in his body.  The church remains open and unlocked most of the time when we are there, and we don't see everyone that comes and goes.  There are more people that come in for Wednesday and Sunday services.” she explained.
	“Do the items go missing around the same time?” Jacob continued to ask, trying to gain as much information about the case.
	“I'm not sure.  Jacob, we are not a rich church and I had to save myself in order to come up with forty dollars,” Bethany told him.
	“Well my typical fee is fifty dollars a day plus expenses.” Jacob explained to her.
	A dejected look fell upon Bethany's face as he delivered the news to her.
	“However, I will take your case and look into the missing items.” he added.
	“Oh thank you!” she exclaimed as a smile painted her face.
	“I'll be at the church first thing in the morning.” Jacob informed her.
	Normally Jacob wouldn't take a case for so little.  However, this wasn't the type of case that he normally had handled either.  He escorted Bethany out as he was leaving for the day himself.  They made it to the street and parted ways.  Jacob stood watching Bethany walk down the street, and around the corner.  He caught himself staring for a moment after she left his sight and snapped back into reality.  On his way home he kept wondering why he had acted like that on the street.  Jacob had seen plenty of beautiful women in his line of work, but Bethany seemed very much different than the rest.









Ch. 3



	The next morning Jacob awoke with an unexpected spring in his step.  He was still down and in a funk,  however he seemed to move with a little more purpose today.  He showered, ate and got dressed a little quicker than normal.  He was in an unusual mood as he left his apartment and started towards the church.  The depression that weighed him down for so long lifted just a little.  Jacob never missed an appointment no matter how he was feeling, and he wasn't about to miss this one with Bethany.
	As everyday before Jacob stopped by the news stand for his paper and cigarettes.  Again as usual, the man was his usual friendly self.  He greeted Jacob with a smile, but today was a bit more friendly.  Instead of just grabbing his paper and smokes, Jacob talked with the man about the weather.  Jacob smiled at the man and told him to enjoy the rest of his day as he left for the church.  That was something Jacob had never done before.
	Jacob arrived at the garage where his car was parked.  Normally all of his cases were within walking distance from his office or apartment. However, the church was an hours drive in a small country town.  As he climbed in he thought how nice it was going to be to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.
	Making his way through the city Jacob found himself thinking about Bethany.  The way she looked, and the way she talked had Jacob feeling a bit excited.  He tried to shake the image of her out of his head, but he was unsuccessful.  Plus with the infidelity that he has been through and seen in his line of work, made Jacob want to never get close to anyone again.  The harder Jacob tried not to think about Bethany, the more she appeared.  Jacob wondered why she was on his mind.  After all he has met with plenty of attractive women before, but none like Bethany.  His meeting with her was no different than the others, but she was.
	Jacob finally made his way to the city limits.  The skyscrapers and concrete jungle was in his rear view mirror. A few minutes had passed before the steel was replaced by tall pine trees, and green meadows.  For the first time since settling in the city after the war, Jacob was reminded of growing up in Oklahoma.  Jacob was reminded about how he and his brother would  help his father on the farm.  How they used to play when the work was done and their mother called them for supper.
	Growing up in the south during the great depression wasn't easy.  Wasn't easy on anyone to go through that time I suppose.  However, with this drive Jacob could only remember the good times.  He still remembers the struggles, but the memories of the fun and love his family shared made the struggles seem as if they were just a nightmare.
	He could hear his mother yelling super time.  His brother and himself racing to the house in good fun.  How Sundays were for church with his family in their Sunday best.  Jacob remembered how David and himself had a contest on who could sneak the frog into church.  That memory made Jacob laugh and wonder what they were thinking. Still smiling at how their dad used to scolded them for it, but hearing their parents laugh about it when they thought the boys were asleep.
	As the drive continued Jacob remembered how his father was a hardworking man.  The type of man who was strict, but fair.  How he taught Jacob how to hunt, fish and live off the land.
	His mother was a tough, but loving woman.  If she worried, she never showed it.  God knows that David and himself gave her plenty of reasons to worry.  She was the true definition of a praying mother.  Every time Jacob turned around she was on her knees praying.  Praying for things to get better, and her hardest prayers were for her boys.
	The drive brought back so many happy thoughts and memories for Jacob.  Growing up Jacob loved going to church, and he loved God.  Jacob was sure that he would become a pastor, youth leader or even a missionary, but things changed.  Now he barely has anything to do with God.  He began to wonder how he ended up so bitter and cold, and how he could let the evil of the world turn him.
	Jacob continued to drive until he finally arrived in town.  It was a small town just like Jacob grew up in.  Even more memories flooded Jacob as he pulled up to the boarding house.  He stepped out and took a look around.  A new place for Jacob, but with a familiar feeling.



















Ch. 4



	Jacob checked into the boarding house, and made his way towards the church.  Walking down the street Jacob was met with warm, friendly, smiling faces.  He greeted everyone with a tip of his hat and a smile.  Just the way he had seen his dad greet people back home.  The cold, hard city boy was slowly being replaced by the southern gentleman that his mother raised.  
	Jacob arrived at the church and stood outside looking at it for a moment.  He took a deep breath as he realized he hasn't stepped inside of a church since before leaving for the army.  A nervousness fell upon Jacob as he stood frozen.  He took a few extra moments before making his way towards the door.  With each step he took, his heart began to race faster and faster.
	Once inside Jacob stood with his hat in hand staring at the stain glass windows.  The church was a big open sanctuary with exposed beams, and it had a few rooms off to the side for Sunday school classes.  To the back of the pulpit there were a couple of doors, one on each side.  Jacob assumed that these were the offices.  One for the pastor and the other one must be Bethany's.  Jacob still stood captivated by the exposed beams which supported the roof.  He was amazed at how the light was shining through the stain glass window.  Suddenly he was transported by to Sundays with his family in church.  However, Jacob didn't seem to be as excited to be there as an adult, as he was as a kid.  Nevertheless, Jacob gave Bethany his word, and he seemed to always keep his word.
	“May I help you?” a voice from behind Jacob asked.
	Jacob turned to see a man standing there holding a broom.  He assumed that this must be Stephen.  Stephen stood about as tall as Jacob, with dark brown hair. The man appeared to be frail, and a bit dirty.  As though he has had a hard life.  There was something about Stephen that didn't sit well with Jacob.  Not a bad feeling about Stephen, but definitely something was off.  
	“Yes, I'm looking for Bethany Taylor.” Jacob answered.
	“Bethany huh! You her boyfriend or something?” Stephen asked as he looked Jacob up and down.
	“No, we have some business to handle.” Jacob answered in an annoyed voice as the question had caught him off guard.
	“She is back in the office on the left.” Stephen told him as he pointed when he walked away.
	“Thanks!” Jacob said with a puzzled look on his face.
	Stephen just threw up hand as he continued to walk away.  Jacob stood there stunned as he watched Stephen walk out of sight.  What a bizarre person he thought to himself.  Eventually Jacob gathered himself and made his way to Bethany's office.  The entire walk he looked back at where the interaction had just occurred.  He couldn't help but to think how odd.  He finally arrived at Bethany's door and knocked.
	“Come in.” the sweet voice of Bethany said.
	“Bethany.” Jacob said as he poked his head in her door.
	“Hello!” Bethany exclaimed as a smile flashed across her face.
	“Well I'm here like I promised.” Jacob said.
	“Please come in and have a seat.  I trust that you had no trouble finding us?”  She asked.
	“Not at all.  The drive was very beautiful and peaceful.  I got into town and got settled in at the boarding house here in town.” Jacob told her.
	“Oh, so you are staying at Mrs. Johnson's place?” she asked.
	“Yeah.  If you don't mind I would like to get started.”  he explained.
	“Okay, Where would you like to start?” she asked.
	“I would like to see the places that the items disappeared from.  Then I would like to talk to the pastor and Stephen.” he explained to her.
	“Of course, right this way.”Bethany said with a smile as she stood up.
	They left her office and began to walk around.  Bethany began to give Jacob a history lesson about the church.  She told him that is was built in the seventeen-nineties, and was used as a hospital during the civil war.  Explaining to him that nothing on the church had been changed, with the exceptions of minor repairs.
	As they continued on with the tour, she pointed out the locations where the items went missing.  She informed him of what was in the location before they disappeared.  The entire walk Jacob found her company to be pleasant and enjoyable.  He could tell how serious Bethany was about recovering the items.  Her enthusiasm made Jacob determined to locate and return the items to her.
	“Pastor Davis, this is Jacob DeGrose.”  Bethany said as she introduced them before leaving for her office. 
	As Bethany left, Jacob couldn't help but to watch her with a smile as she walked away.
	“You like her, don't you son?” Pastor Davis asked.
	“Excuse me!” Jacob exclaimed.
	“Son, I've been a pastor for what seems to be an eternity.  I can tell when a young man looks at a woman with lust in his eyes or if it is one of sincerity.  And the way you just looked at her when she left was one of sincerity.” Pastor Davis told him.
	“Sorry pastor!  In my line of work I see a lot of liars and cheaters.  Plus my own personal experiences with being cheated on, I don't trust anyone.  I won't ever let anyone get close to me again.” Jacob explained.
	“What kind of work are you in?” Pastor Davis asked.
	“I'm a private investigator.” Jacob answered.
	“Oh, you're here about the missing items.” Pastor Davis remarked.
	“Yes sir.” Jacob said.
	“Bethany told me that you were coming.  I tried to tell her that there was really no point for a private investigator, but she insisted.  The items are probably just misplaced, and they were of no real monetary value.  But as sweet as Bethany is, she is just as stubborn.   Once she has her mind set on something, there is no talking her out of it.” Pastor Davis explained.
	“Well, if it is all the same to you, I would like to find the items.  I was hired to do a job, and that is what I intend to do.  I'm stubborn as well, I seem to always finish what I start.” Jacob told him.
	“Very well, if you insist.” Pastor Davis said.
	The two men stood and shook hands.  While talking with Pastor Davis, Jacob realized that it was Wednesday, and service was about to begin.  More people would be at the church that night, and he thought up a plan right then and there.  Jacob left the church and made his way towards the diner.  He would grab a bite to eat, before taking a nap.  He had planned on staking out the church that night, and would need to be rested to last overnight.

















Ch. 5



	Night had came and Jacob drove to the church a little before nine.  It was a Wednesday night, so the service was still in progress as he arrived.  Jacob sat parked up the block a little ways from the church as he watched the service being let out.  One by one the people filed out of the church and made their way towards their homes.  Hoping to spot something out of the ordinary, Jacob sat watching intensively as the people left.  Finally all that remained at the church was Pastor Davis and Stephen.
	He continued to watch as the two men conversed for a few moments.  When finally Jacob observed Pastor Davis leave the church and head for home, as Stephen headed inside.  Jacob felt that it was odd for the pastor to leave first, but he figured Pastor Davis must really trust Stephen.  Jacob continued to look on intensively at the church until finally Stephen had left for home.
	About an hour had passed and Jacob remained focused on the church.  Looking for anything out of the ordinary in hopes to solve this case quickly.  When suddenly the passenger door of his car opened up.  It caught Jacob off guard, and made him jump.  He had been so focused on the church, that he neglected to notice Bethany as she walked by.
	“What are you doing here?” Jacob asked as she climbed into his car.
	“Well, I walked by and saw you just sitting here, you must have not seen me.  So I decided to bring you some coffee and sandwiches.”  Bethany told him.
	“Well thanks! But you really shouldn't be here.” Jacob said as he was still trying to gather himself from the scare she gave him.
	“Well I can handle myself.”she said in a huff.
	“I'm sure that you can, but you really need to leave.” Jacob said.
	“Well fine! I'll leave then.” she said with a disappointed look on her face.
	Bethany left the car and headed for her house.  Once again Jacob watched her until she was out of sight.  Was Pastor Davis was right??  Had he begun to like Bethany?  Was he rude to her because she scared him? Had he let his experiences with betrayal harden him? These were the questions that ran through Jacob's mind the rest of the night, as he sat staring at the coffee and sandwiches she had left for him.
	The night continued, and Jacob sat drinking the coffee.  He tried to stay focused on the church, but Bethany constantly returned to his mind.  Jacob became frustrated, and lit up a cigarette to try and calm down.  To no avail, Jacob became even more frustrated.  This was something that has never happened to him before on a case.  All he could do was sit scratching his head.
	The night drug on until finally daybreak arrived.  Jacob was still watching the church as he waited for everyone to arrive.  He grabbed the thermos that Bethany had left for him last night and started towards the church.  Once again he nervously entered the church and looked for Bethany.  He was unsure of how Bethany would react to him after he was so short with her last night.  Jacob understood and knew he had to apologize to her.
	His hands shook as he knocked on her door and entered her office.
	“Good morning Jacob.” Bethany said with smile and chipper tone.
	“Good morning.  I just wanted to return your thermos, and say thank you for the food and coffee last night.” Jacob told her.
	“Oh, you're welcome.  It was my pleasure.” she responded as she pushed her hair behind her ear.
	“I also wanted to apologize for how I acted last night.  I was kind of rude and short with you, and I'm sorry.” Jacob explained.
	“Oh, I'm not even upset, you don't have to apologize.  I didn't think you were being rude at all.” Bethany told him.
	The two of them continued to talk for a few moments.  Laughing and enjoying each others company.  Jacob hasn't felt like this in a long time.  Every time he was with her, he felt like there was no need to be angry, cold or depressed.  The hurt and pain he has seen and gone through disappeared, and Jacob almost felt normal again.
	As the two of them left her office they were met by Pastor Davis.  The three of them stood talking, when Bethany noticed yet another thing has gone missing.  Bethany felt the need to bring it to everyone's attention.  Jacob informed her that he didn't see anyone leave the church with anything.  Pastor Davis tried to assure her that the item was merely misplaced.  However, Bethany wasn't convinced at all.
	Bethany decided to walk Jacob to the door as he began to leave.  The entire walk she expressed her frustrations about the missing items to Jacob.  He tried to calm her down, but it was to no avail.  He could tell how passionate she was about the events that were happening at the church.  Jacob informed her about an idea that he had, and that he was going to try it that night after he had gotten some sleep.  Hearing this news Bethany calmed down and flashed her beautiful smile at Jacob.  He left and headed back towards the boarding house.  The entire way there he couldn't help but to think of Bethany.  Yet he still was to stubborn and afraid to admit it to anyone other than himself.  


 











Ch. 6



	After a few hours Jacob awoke from his sleep.  Thoughts of Bethany continued to race through his head.  The weight that had been burying him for so long had become increasingly less and less.  He showered, shaved and got dressed as he made his way towards the diner for a quick bite to eat.  Memories of his childhood came flooding back once again as he walked through town.
	Not only was he at peace remembering his growing up on the farm, but the thoughts of Bethany mixed in made him think of a possible future as well.  The thought of a future with anyone had been evading him for so long.  Jacob had found himself fighting the thoughts of her less, and enjoying them more.  He had become so dead set on not getting close to anyone every again, but he couldn't help it.  However, the more he tried to fight the thoughts, the stronger they became.  
	The cold, hard bitterness that he had become so use to melted like ice on a hot day.  Jacob found himself overjoyed at the thought of just being near Bethany.  As Jacob sat eating, images of marriage and children with Bethany smacked Jacob hard and out of nowhere.  He couldn't help but to smile and wonder what that would be like.  He couldn't explain it, and yet he had no desire to tell anyone either.
	Jacob made his way through town and towards the church.  The sun had begun to set, and he found himself happy once again.  A feeling that he hasn't experienced in a long time.  He arrived just down the street and posted himself up behind a tree.  He was trying not to be seen by anyone leaving the church.  Especially by the person whom he suspected of the thefts.
	Once again Jacob observed Pastor Davis and Stephen talking outside the church.  Yet again, Pastor Davis had headed for home and left Stephen to lock up the church.  He waited a few minutes before Stephen appeared and headed for home.  At this point Jacob began to follow Stephen.
	He seemed to make a stop at several stores and looked into the windows.  Almost as if he knew Jacob was following him.  Although it appeared that way to Jacob, he was sure that he hadn't been spotted.  In any case he worked harder not to be seen by Stephen.  Ten minutes had passed before Stephen arrived home.
	Once there, Stephen slowly made his way up the porch steps as Jacob slipped around to the side of the house. Still trying not to be seen he looked into a window.  Just as soon as he raised his head to take a peek inside the house, he heard a voice.  Jacob snapped against the wall startled.  He looked around to see none other than Bethany standing there.  Jacob was trying so hard not to be seen by Stephen, that he never noticed Bethany was following him.
	“What are you doing here?” Jacob asked as he tried to calm down from yet another scare that Bethany had given him.
	“I can't believe that it is Stephen.”  She remarked.
	“Are you kidding me?” he questioned again.
	“He's such a nice guy.  I just don't believe it.” Bethany said.
	“I'm not saying it is him.  But what if it is him?  What if he is dangerous?  What if he has a gun?  What if he starts shooting? What are you going to do then?” Jacob asked.
	“Well, I'll hide behind you.” she said just as innocent as can be.
	“Hide behind me!” Jacob exclaimed with a stunned look on his face.
	Jacob leaned against the wall as he looked up and began to mumble to himself.
	“Hide behind me she says.  Hide behind me.  You made a doozy of a woman when you made her.” he said shaking his head.
	“What are you saying?” she asked.
	“Nothing.” he responded.
	“Hey, you shaved.” Bethany remarked.
	“What?” Jacob questioned.
	“I noticed you  shaved.  You look better without the beard.” Bethany explained.
	“We are standing outside of a potentially dangerous persons house, and you want to talk to me about my shaving habits!” Jacob exclaimed.
	“Well I was trying to pay you a complement.” she told him.
	“Thanks! But we need to go.” Jacob told her as he grabbed her arm.
	Jacob decided to walk her home after she once again showed up to another stakeout.  The two of them tried to sneak off quietly and not be seen by Stephen.  However, standing there with a smirk on his face, he stood watching them through a window.	
	The two of them had left Stephen's house just a few moments ago, and the frustration that Jacob had felt quickly passed.  The conversation had continued and it seemed as if the two of them had known each other for an entire lifetime.  Jacob found that he was unable to stay mad at Bethany for very long.  They laughed and joked as if they were two lovers that had been together forever.  However, this was something that Jacob continued to run from, and was unable to admit.  This continued on until they arrived at Bethany's house.  Neither one wanted to say goodnight, but eventually they did and went their separate ways.





Ch. 7



	The next morning Jacob awoke with even more of a spring in his step.  His excitement about Bethany had built to new heights.  He walked around his room whistling as he got dressed.  However, he was still unable to admit the truth to himself, let alone anyone else.  Truth was Jacob had fallen for Bethany.  Something he swore that he would never let happen again.
	As he walked to the diner for breakfast, Jacob was in a chipper mood.  This was not his normal behavior, and it hasn't been for sometime.  For the life of him, he couldn't figure out why, but was enjoying the new found excitement.  Jacob had become a perfectionist when it came to his life and work.  He was one who liked being in control and being able to figure things out.  Jacob always got to the bottom of things and found the proof that he needed.  However, he had no explanation for his mood, nor this case.  He wasn't in complete control of either one of them at this point, and that put him in an unfamiliar position, that made him a bit uncomfortable.  Bethany should be just another client, but she turned out to be much more for him.  As far this case, he has a suspect, but no proof.  Jacob wanted nothing more than to hurry up and finish the case.  He wanted to get back to his comfort zone, the cold, uncaring city.
	Jacob had finished his breakfast and once again made his way towards the church.  His walk was filled with thoughts of Bethany, and about other possible things that he could do to solve this case.  Part of him was disappointed that he hadn't solved the case by now, however, the other part was glad.  It meant that he got to spend more time with Bethany, and that was something that began to excite him more and more.
	He arrived at the church and made his way towards Bethany's office once again.
	“Good morning, I brought you some coffee.” Jacob said as he entered through the door.
	“Oh, thank you.” she said.
	“Kind of an apology for getting rude with you last night.” he told her.
	“No need to apologize.  I tend to become passionate about the items.  God and this church means everything to me.  The thought of someone stealing from here really bothers me.” she told him.
	“I can understand your passion.  But understand this, I don't know what kind of people I'm dealing with.  And you're to nice of a person to be getting hurt if they are dangerous.” Jacob explained.
	“Awe, that is sweet of you to say.” she said blushing.
	“You're something else.” Jacob said as he shook his head.
	“Now what do we do?” Bethany asked.
	“Well we don't have any proof that the person I suspect has taken anything.  I've watched the church from the outside, and nothing has turned up.  I will have to talk to Pastor Davis, because the next step would be to watch the church from the inside overnight.” Jacob explained.
	The two of them left and made their way over to Pastor Davis's office.  There Jacob began to inform him about the case.  Jacob let him know that nothing has turned up, and began to explain his idea.
	“I have an idea on how I can possibly find the thief.” Jacob said.
	“Okay, well what is your idea?” Pastor Davis asked.
	“Well I will need to stake out the church for a couple of nights, from the inside. I will need to stay overnight to see what other possible explanations there could be for the disappearance of the items.  ” Jacob told him.
	“No, absolutely not.  I'm sorry, but I can't have you inside the church at night by yourself.” Pastor Davis told him.
	“I'll stay with him.” Bethany said as she interjected herself.
	“What did I just get through telling you not more than a few minutes ago?” Jacob asked.
	“Well its either I stay with you for this stakeout tonight, or nothing at all.” Bethany told him.
	“Well looks like that is settled.” Pastor Davis remarked.
	Bethany turned and left  for her office.  Out of frustration Jacob flailed his arms and legs.  Pastor Davis began to laugh as he watched Jacob's reaction.
	“I was wrong.  You don't like her, you love her.” Pastor Davis said.
	“What! What are you talking about?” Jacob questioned.
	“Son, shut the door and have a seat.” Pastor Davis remarked.
	Jacob shut the door and took a seat out of respect for a preacher.
	“I've been a pastor now for over thirty years.  I've talked with many couples, both young and old.  And from what I've seen so far between you and Bethany, I can tell that the two of you love each other.” Pastor Davis told him.
	“With all due respect pastor, but you're wrong.  I have no intentions of ever getting close to anyone again.  Besides what is your proof to make that claim?” Jacob asked.
	“Yes, your experiences with being cheated on.  Your experiences with infidelity in your line of work.  Your experience with war.  All of that has harden your heart.  All that loss and betrayal has left you hurting and scared.  I understand that, but I have known Bethany for awhile now.  I can tell you that she has never acted this way towards anyone else before.  The way that she wants to be around you.  That's something that I've never seen from her before.  And the way she frustrated you just now, I've seen that before as well.  Reminds me of how my wife used to frustrate me when we were younger.” Pastor Davis explained.
	“Doesn't mean that I love her.” Jacob responded.
	“Jacob, you're letting your harden heart keep you from joy. You are afraid of the pain that loss brings.  It's natural for humans to have that reaction, and withdraw from people.  It's not good for people to be alone all the time.  But I will tell you that the two of you have fallen for each other.  Don't be afraid to find happiness.” Pastor Davis explained to him.
	Jacob sat in silence as he knew Pastor Davis was right.  He had no response as Pastor Davis continued on with his speech.
	“Stubborn, strong willed women tend to frustrate the man she loves.  The same goes for the man.  He will frustrate the woman he loves.  Not really sure why that is, but neither one of them can live without each other.” Pastor Davis said.
	“I guess your right.” Jacob said when he finally responded.
	“Hebrews 3:8 states 'Harden not your hearts, as in provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness.'  Hebrews 3:15 states 'While it said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in provocation.'” Pastor Davis read from the bible.
	“Not sure what that means to be honest with you.” Jacob told him.
	“Well if you want the joy that God wants to give you, then you cannot allow what you have been through harden your heart.  You have to be willing to receive it and not reject it.  You have to seek after him, and ask him to heal your heart.  Don't tempt God, and try to make him prove himself to you.” Pastor Davis explained to him.
	The two men sat and talked for awhile longer.  Jacob found himself letting down his guard a little bit and began to open up to Pastor Davis.  He found himself  letting everything out that had been weighing him down for so long.  When he finished it felt like that a huge weight was removed from his shoulders.  As he left the Pastor's office, he paused and stared at Bethany's office for a moment.  Realizing that Pastor Davis was right, Jacob was still fearful of putting himself out there again.  He stared a little while longer before heading back towards the boarding house.






Ch. 8



	Night had fallen and Jacob reluctantly made his way towards the church.  Realizing this was not what he agreed to, Jacob found himself with no other choice.  His rule was that there was to be no involvement in a case from clients, yet he was now working for someone who insist on being involved.  He felt that it was always dangerous for a client to be involved, no matter what the case was.  Yet, twice now Bethany found herself right in the middle of his stakeouts.
	Slowly he walked through town towards the church scratching his head in disbelief.  Sure, Jacob found Bethany to be the most beautiful woman he has ever saw.  As well as enjoying her company with each passing second they spent together.  However, he was still against the idea of her joining him.  He actually found himself concerned for her well being.
	Jacob had found himself falling in love with her.  This is why her joining him was even more of a problem than before.  It would kill Jacob inside if anything were to happen to Bethany.  Especially since he had developed feelings for her.  If something were to happen to her, it surely would push Jacob even further into depression.  A depression so deep that he would become even more cold and distant than before.
	For such a long time Jacob had become use to the dark depression, so much so that it had became second nature to him.  Just like breathing, the cold and bitterness took hold in every part of his life.  However, being around Bethany has brought new joy and peace to Jacob's life.  This was a feeling that he hasn't felt since before leaving for the army, back in high school.  It was a feeling that had Jacob scared worse than anything he had ever saw on the battlefield.  It was a feeling that was so unfamiliar to Jacob, that he was ready to leave Bethany even though he was happy.
	Jacob arrived at the church as the sun was setting behind the pine trees.  He paused for a moment to gather himself once more.  His heart was racing and palms were sweaty as he approached the door.  It was as if Jacob was having his first date all over again.  But instead of being met by the girl's father cleaning his hunting rifle, he was approaching a woman who has turned his world upside down just in a few short days.
	Once inside he was greeted by Bethany.  As usual she greeted him in her usual pleasant way, as if she were happy to see him every time.  Her behavior puzzled Jacob more than anyone else he has ever known.  She frustrated him so much that he had snapped at her on a couple of occasions.  Yet, she always greeted him as if nothing had happened and she was glad to see him.
	“So how does this work?” Bethany asked.
	“We just sit and watch.” Jacob told her.
	Some time had passed without a word being said.  Jacob sat trying to ignore the fact that Bethany was tapping her fingers.  It was becoming clear to Jacob that Bethany was allergic to silence.  For some reason Jacob began to find her finger tapping endearing.  The tapping had continued for a few more moments until they heard a loud bang come from the closet.
	“What was that?” Bethany asked startled.
	“How should I know.  Stay here and I will go find out.” he said.
	“Not on your life.” she told him.
	“Of course not, just stay behind me then.” Jacob said as he lowered his head once again out of frustration.
	“Of course.” she said with a smile.
	Jacob rolled his eyes and shook his head.  The two of them made their way towards the closet.  Inch by inch in a single file line they crept.  The closer they got to the closet, the tighter Bethany's grip became on Jacob.  For the first time Jacob sensed any kind of fear in Bethany.  They arrived at the door and Jacob began to slowly turn the knob.  He took a deep breath before he flung the door open, and was met by the business end of a mop.  While Jacob wrestled with the mop, Bethany had broken loose of the grip she had on Jacob and began to laugh.
	“Not funny!” Jacob exclaimed.	
	“My hero! Protecting me from the big, bad, dangerous mop.” Bethany remarked laughing.
	“Enough.” Jacob said. 
	He was not willing to admit it, but Jacob found the situation to be amusing as well.  The two of them walked back to their seats, with Bethany laughing the whole way.  Jacob loved her laugh, however he was still unable to admit that he loved her.
	“Tell me about yourself?” Bethany asked as she calmed down.
	“What for? I'll be gone in a couple of days, and you wont remember me.” Jacob said.
	“Well it will give us something to do to kill time.  Or would you rather go another round with the mop.” Bethany stated.
	Jacob rolled his eyes and took a deep breath.  He was torn in between remaining cold and distant and giving into his feelings for Bethany.  He wanted to get to know Bethany and let her in, but that just added to his fear.
	“What do you want to know?” Jacob asked.
	“Well, are you married? Got a girlfriend? Have any kids?” Bethany asked all at once.
	“No to all of the above.” Jacob answered.
	“Why not? I don't mean to be forward, but you're a good looking man.  Especially since you've shaved.” she explained.
	“Well I had a girl back in Oklahoma.  That I was planning on marrying after the war, but then I got a Dear John letter while I was away.  All of a sudden she went from being my girl, to being married to someone else all in one letter.  After the war I had another girl.  She ended up cheating on me with the man who got me into this line of work.” Jacob explained.
	“That's terrible.” Bethany said shocked.
	“What about you?” Jacob questioned.
	“Well I came up her from Texas during the war.  I met a solider and fell for him.  However, after he deployed I found out he was married.” she told him.
	“I never have understand people like that.  That's why I don't want to ever want to get close to anyone again.  With what I've seen and been through, I don't want to trust anyone again.” Jacob said.
	“Don't you believe that God has someone for you?  Don't you believe that God can heal you from your heartache?” she asked.
	“Growing up I believed in God.  Had all of my faith in him.  But after high school,  I must have done something wrong.  I know what he is capable of doing.  I just don't believe he will do it for me.” Jacob told her.
	“Why?” she asked.
	“Because, I'm not perfect.  It seems like that is the only way for you to have your prayers answered.” he explained.
	“I'm so sorry that you feel like that.  Right here is the perfect place to let go, and let God begin to heal your heart.  This is the place where miracles can begin.” she responded.
	Jacob paused because he knew that Bethany was right.  There was something about her that reminded him of his mother.  Jacob quickly changed the subject to other topics.  He seemed to be avoiding anything that would lead him to the truth about his feelings.  The two of them began to talk about their families.  Jacob told her about growing up in Oklahoma on his families farm.  And about how they still lived there.
	Bethany in turn told Jacob about growing up in Texas.  She informed him that she was an only child, and that her parents had passed away in a train wreck after she had left for the war.  She continued on to tell him that Pastor Davis and his wife had looked after her since the war, and have become like parents to her.  The church had become her second home.  It was the place where she finds peace.
	They talked until Bethany had fell asleep in the pew besides Jacob.  He had sat there watching her for awhile sleep.  At that moment, nothing else mattered to Jacob.  He realized at that moment Pastor Davis was absolutely right, he loved Bethany.  Jacob couldn't explain it, nor could he understand how or why.  He loved Bethany and it scared him worse than war.
	Jacob became overwhelmed by how he was feeling at that moment.  He stood up and placed his trench coat over Bethany as a blanket to keep her warm.  He moved to at pew across the isle away from Bethany.  He sat watching her throughout the night, as he wrestled with his feelings and emotions.  Finally, Jacob had began to pray.  It was something he hasn't done in a long time, and wondered if he still remembered how.  He prayed to God constantly until the morning light came.

















Ch. 9



	The next morning Bethany awoke to the sound of Pastor Davis entering the church.  She arose clasping Jacob's coat.  Jacob was still in the pew across from Bethany watching over her.
	“Good morning!” Bethany said with a sleepy smile.
	Jacob was tore up inside from struggling with his emotions all night.  Because even with her hair a mess, and crud in her eyes he thought she was beautiful.
	“Good morning.” he responded.
	“I'm sorry that I fell asleep last night.  Did anything happen?” she asked as she handed him back his coat.
	“Nothing happened.  I was thinking that we could stake out the church one last time tonight.  If nothing happens, then I will leave in the morning.” Jacob explained.
	“Oh, okay.” Bethany said with a disappointed look on her face.
	She hadn't realized it either, but she had fallen for Jacob as well.  But because of her past she was just as stubborn as Jacob was in admitting her feelings for him.
	“But what about the items?” Bethany asked with passion, hoping to convince Jacob to stay.
	“If nothing happens tonight, then I will send you the money to replace the items.” Jacob told her.
	The two of them left the church and went their separate ways.  Frustration had grown upon their faces.  Both of them were too afraid to admit how they felt towards each other.  Both waiting for the other one to make the first move.
	Jacob walked towards the boarding house with his mind racing.  He was so full of emotions that he hadn't felt in years, and he was trying to process his thoughts.  Thinking to himself that he was better off before Bethany walked into his life.  However, the harder he tried to convince himself of that, the more he believed that he needed her.  Yet he remained to stubborn, and would not admit that to anyone, including himself.
	Bethany headed towards her house in the opposite direction.  Frustration had overwhelmed her to the point of tears.  She realizes that she loves Jacob, but fear paralyzed her and kept her from doing anything about it.  Bethany resorted to the only thing that she knew, and that was to pray.
	Dusk had fallen upon the sleepy little town.  Bethany and Jacob made their way towards the church one last time.  Both knowing that this very well could be the last night either one of them saw each other again.  Bethany was bound and determined to give all that she had to convince Jacob to stay.  She decided that she wasn't going to fight her feelings any longer.  Jacob on the other hand was still determined to remain stand offish.  He wanted nothing more than to just finish his night and move on.
	The two of them met at the church and went inside.  It was awkward feeling at first, but Bethany's natural personality took over.  Jacob did his best to remain professional, and stay focused,  however, that didn't last long.
	A couple of hours had pasted, before Jacob found himself once again being captivated by Bethany.  He realized he was in love with her, and the feeling just kept getting stronger and stronger.  His love for her developed so much that it overtook his fear of being hurt.  In a brief moment Jacob found himself locked deep into her eyes.  His heart began to race as he leaned in for a kiss.
	Before their lips touched a bright light filled the room.  The two of them shielded their eyes as they try to see what was happening.  The light subsided just a little and their eyes began to focus.  What they had saw left them both stunned and speechless.  In the now dim glowing light stood Stephen.
	He stood in all white with wings spread out.  He looked completely different than what they had become accustomed to seeing.
	“Stephen?” Jacob asked in shock.
	“You can call me that.” Stephen answered.
	“Are you an angel?” Jacob asked again.
	“What gave it away? Are the wings a bit much?” Stephen said sarcastically.
	Stunned and shocked Jacob had no response.
	“Yes Jacob, I'm an angel.  In fact I'm your guardian angel.  I was assigned to you the day you the moment that you were conceived.  And let me tell you, that some of those battles I've been fighting for you were some doozies.  Especially the ones here of late.” Stephen told him.
	“You were the one taking the items?  I thought that angels had to obey the ten commandments.  I know that I haven't been to church in awhile, but I'm pretty sure that thou shalt not steal is still on the list.” Jacob remarked as he noticed all of the missing items behind Stephen.
	“Yes Jacob, it's still on the list, and we do have to obey them just like you do.  However, I technically never stole anything.  Nothing ever left the building.  So I was just merely hiding the things really well.  Like a scavenger hunt for you.  Besides there is no rule against angels hiding things.” Stephen explained.
	“So it was you who opened the phone book that was on my desk to Jacob's add?” Bethany asked.
	“Well duh!  What did you think?  That the phone book just turned the pages on its own?” Stephen asked sarcastically.
	“I just thought it was the wind.”she answered.
	“Think about it sweetie, there was no wind that day.” Stephen said.
	“You're a bit more sarcastic than I would have imagined an angel to be.” Jacob told Stephen.
	A look of deep thought fell upon Stephen's face.  He took a few moments before responding to Jacob.
	“Maybe that's why I'm still a low level angel.” Stephen said once again sarcastically.
	“Why now?” Jacob asked.	
	“Well it is after ten, and you have church in the morning.” Stephen answered.
	“No, I meant if you have been watching me my whole life, then why haven't you appeared to me sooner?” Jacob questioned.
	“Well if you think about it I always have.  Why do you think that as small boys, your brother and yourself could never catch those snakes?  I was there running them off.  Those things were poisonous and would have killed you.  Although I will admit that trying to sneak frogs into church was pretty funny.  During the war you saw a lot of evil and destruction.  God told me to keep you safe and protect you.  That he had plans for you and that it wasn't your time.  Stephen answered.
	“Frogs in church?” Bethany asked.
	“Well we were boys.” Jacob replied as he shrugged his shoulders and gave her an innocent look.
	“To continue on Jacob, I was told to reveal myself to you now to keep you from making a big mistake.  You have become so hardhearted, so hard headed and stubborn that you were going to walk away from God's plan for you.  Believe it or not, Bethany is who God has for you.  Together you will do his work.  Not only you, but your children, your grandchildren, and even your great grandchildren will be used for his purpose.” Stephen said.
	“Wow!” Jacob said as he grabbed Bethany's hand and looked at her.
	“Now its getting late, you guys have church in the morning.  So finish kissing her, walk her home and get some rest.” Stephen said.
	With a smile on his face Jacob gladly complied with Stephen's request.  Bethany and Jacob walked towards the back of the church.  As they approached they heard Stephen call out to Bethany.
	“Bethany!” Stephen exclaimed.
	“Yes Stephen.” she responded.
	“ Do you mind locking up? I seem to be without my keys.” Stephen asked.
	“Sure thing Stephen.” she said as her Jacob began to laugh.
	The two of them locked up the church and made their way towards Bethany's house.  Jacob put his coat around Bethany because there was coolness in the air.  They walked huddled together with his arm around her.  They approached her door, and Jacob gave her a goodnight kiss.  Bethany entered the house with a smile on her face.  Jacob turned and made his way towards the boarding house.  The entire way there Jacob was on cloud nine.






















Ch. 10



	The church bells rung out over the town, and everyone filed in, including Jacob.  Jacob stood at the back of the church nervously not knowing what to do.  He hadn't attended church since his youth, and now he found himself amongst strangers.  With the exception of Bethany, whom made him feel comfortable.
	He surveyed the room as he continued to stand at the back of the church.  That was when it became clear to Jacob that he still had issues to deal with.  Suddenly in his line of sight he saw Bethany standing there.  His nervousness had changed from one of being in an unfamiliar place, to one of seeing an amazing woman standing before him.
	Bethany smiled at Jacob with her usual bright smile and sparkling eyes.  When she approached him, she gave him a huge hug and a kiss on the cheek.  She took him by the hand and led Jacob towards a pew near the front of the front of the church.  Jacob found himself becoming more comfortable now, and it was all because of Bethany.  Still unable to explain it, he found that she had rapidly become his peace.
	The worship portion of service had concluded and everyone had taken their seat.  Pastor Davis approached the pulpit and looked out onto the congregation.  As he was looking out over them, he noticed Jacob and Bethany sitting together.  They were not just sitting there, but she had wrapped her arm around his.  The two of them were sitting there and looking at each other very much in love.
	Pastor Davis straightened up and threw back his shoulders, before shouting praise the lord.  He truly was happy to see Jacob and Bethany sitting together like that.  He knew that it was God's work that broke through and reached the two of them.  He was like a proud father, and happy to see his daughter happy.  Although Bethany wasn't biologically his, it didn't matter to him.  In his mind she was every bit his daughter.
	Pastor Davis had preached his sermon full of joy and happiness.  To everyone else it was just another sermon, but for him it was a very special one.  He remembered that just a few short days ago two strangers were completely devastated by their past, and were on the verge of giving up.  Now they sit in his church full of life and enthusiasm.  Pastor Davis was amazed at how fast and powerful God can move.
	After the sermon was over and the congregation had left.  Bethany and Jacob approached Pastor Davis and his wife.  Jacob informed them that Bethany told him how much that they mean to her.  Out of respect he asked Pastor Davis for permission to date Bethany.  Pastor Davis began to beam with pride, like a proud father.  He slapped Jacob on the back and told him that it would be an honor for him to have Jacob date Bethany.
	Bethany decided to introduce Jacob to Mr. Thompson.  Now Mr. Thompson owned the local garage and was needing help.  After talking with him for a few minutes Jacob was offered the job right there on the spot.  Once that happened Jacob became aware that the only way for him to remain happy was to leave the city.
	That is when Jacob came up with the idea to move out of the city.  He discussed this idea with Bethany because she meant a lot to him.  The two of them were in agreement to move Jacob out the city, and into town.  They told Pastor Davis of their plan to move Jacob into town.  They let him know that they were going to get his things, and that they would be back for dinner with them that night.  They climbed into Jacob's car and set off for the city.
	The hour drive flew by in a blink of an eye.  They had serious conversations about what they wanted out of life.  But most often they acted like a couple of kids and were enjoying each others company.  The two of  tried to out do each other in making the other one laugh.  Three hours seemed like five minutes.  Never before have either one of them felt more connected to someone, as they do with each other.
	They had  finally arrived at Pastor Davis's with Jacob's things in tow, as new life ran through them.  They sat down for dinner, and Pastor Davis told them that he stopped by to check on Stephen.  Bethany and Jacob looked at each other and giggled.  Pastor Davis looked confused as he handed Jacob a letter that was left for him.
	Jacob opened the letter and began to read it.  It was from Stephen all right and read:
	“Dear Jacob,

	Since I will no longer need a house, I think you should have it.  Here are the keys to the house.  Move in and make yourself right at home.  I will always be looking over you, but I think you're in good hands now.
								Your guardian angel,
								Stephen.
	P.S. Don't do anything that would make me have to come back!”
	Jacob began to laugh as he showed the letter to Bethany.  After reading the letter, she to broke out into laughter.  Pastor Davis and his wife had a look of confusion on their faces.  At which point Jacob and Bethany gathered themselves and began to tell them the story of Stephen and about last night.  They informed them of how Stephen was angel, and how he appeared out of nowhere.  How it was him that was hiding the items, and how he lead Bethany to find Jacob's add in the phone book.   	
	“That was definitely God.” Mrs. Davis said.
	“I'm telling you.  I knew that there was something special about the two of you, but I wasn't sure until now.” Pastor Davis said.
	The night continued on and the four of them sat and talked about everything.  The conversation reminded Jacob of his own family back home.  He was able to open up and talk about things that he had tried to bury for such a long time.  It made him long to see his own family for the first time in years, but he has been avoiding it because of shame.  Pastor Davis pulled Jacob aside and continued to talk with him.  He felt that Jacob was so much more than what he had shown to everybody.  He wanted Jacob to see that with God he was bigger than the hurt and shame that he was feeling. They talked until it was time for Jacob to leave.  Tomorrow was Monday, and the first day of a brand new start for Jacob.






















	Ch. 11



	Jacob and Bethany saw each other everyday since he moved.  They seemed to be making up for years of misery, and lost time.  The two of them had never been happier, and looked forward to each and every day.  Days turned into weeks, weeks into months, the joy and happiness had returned to the both of them.  It had become so obvious that Jacob had once again found his joy and passion for God and life again.
	Months had passed and all fear of being hurt again disappeared.  Jacob knew that Bethany was the one that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.  Jacob had taken Pastor Davis on a fishing trip, and he knew that he had to ask him something first.  He knew how Bethany felt about the pastor and his wife, and out of respect for her he asked Pastor Davis for permission to marry Bethany.  Gladly Pastor Davis was willing to say yes.  Bethany was as close to a daughter as him and Mrs. Davis had.  Giving the fact that they were unable to have children of their own, they gave Bethany the love that she needed to fill the void of her loss.
	Life was good for Jacob and probably the best he has ever known.  He was about to ask his best friend and the love of his life to marry him.  The nervousness returned as he took Bethany out to eat.  After dinner the two of them took a walk to their favorite place.  It was a small opening along the side of a brook.  Surrounded by the tall trees, they found it to be very peaceful to sit and listen to the brook.  Jacob's heart was about to pound out of his chest, and his palms were sweaty once again.  He bent down to tie his shoe, but before he looked up he reached into his pocket and pulled out a ring.
	“Bethany.” Jacob said while still on one knee.
	“Oh my God!” she said once she looked down and saw the ring.
	“You have brighten my world so much since I've met you.  All the fear that had become so normal to me has disappeared with you in my life.  Will you marry me?” he asked.
	“Yes.” she answered as tears of joys ran down her face.
	The two of them embraced and started off towards the Davis's.  Bethany couldn't wait to share the news with them.  For obvious reasons the Davis's were thrilled.   Immediately Bethany and Mrs. Davis began to plan for the wedding.
	Jacob was doing well working for Mr. Thompson at his garage, he was going to marry Bethany, and Pastor Davis had begun to mentor Jacob to become a pastor.  In just a few short months he had gone from complete darkness and despair, to an over abundant joy and happiness.  Jacob was truly amazed at how fast God has moved in his life.
	The two of them married the following June, and lived in the house that Stephen had left him.  The same small town that changed Jacob's life was where he wanted to live and raise kids.  Pastor Davis and his wife were family to Jacob and Bethany.  As important as they were to Bethany, they had become just as important to Jacob.  They were a great inspiration and example to the both of them of how to make a marriage work.
	They continued to live near the Davis's until they passed away.  The two of them decided together to move back to Oklahoma to be near Jacob's family.  They had visited his family before on holidays and special events, and they had even attended the wedding.  Bethany became so close with them during their visits that she had asked Jacob's father if he would walk her down the isle.  They found a small little house there in town near his families farm.  Jacob took over as the pastor at the small local church, and Bethany taught piano lessons.  Jacob's mother was excited to have her boy nearby.  She felt that he was finally fulfilling God's purpose for his life.  Plus having grand babies nearby didn't hurt matters neither.
	Jacob and Bethany never had much money, but they were happy.  What they did have plenty of was the things that meant more than money.  Love, trust, understanding, faith, and happiness.  Once the babies started to come they held onto those things harder than most.  They knew that they would struggle with money, but they held steadfast in their faith and trust in God.
	Forty-five years flew by in a blink of an eye.  Years of memories, love and laughter always filled their home.  Now the time had arrived where the entire family was in the home gathered around Jacob at his bedside.  Bethany was siting in a chair bedside him holding Jacob's hand.  Never one for showing fear or worry, Bethany stayed strong for their five children, and twenty grandchildren.
	Jacob was growing weaker by the minute, but was still able to share memories and stories with Bethany that had everyone laughing.  Looking around the room Jacob stopped at a certain point.  He focused on what only he could see, a bright light.
	“Oh, hi Stephen.  I thought you weren't coming back.”  Jacob said as a smile crossed his face.
	“Well, it's time to come home Jacob.  God is proud of you and the work you have done.” Stephen told him as he stood surrounded by the light.
	Bethany having heard Jacob's last words, began to cry tears of joy.  She knew who Stephen was, and understood that God had called him home.  Over the next few months, Bethany explained to the family who Stephen was, and the story of how Jacob and her met.
	Now the time had come for the family to be gathered around the bed once again.  It had now became Bethany who was weak and frail.  As Bethany laid there she told her family how proud of them she was.  Not only did Jacob become a pastor, but their children, and grandchildren had become pastors, missionaries, and music leaders.  They all continued to serve God and carry out his work.
	Time had come and the light that only Bethany could see appeared.  A tear rolled down her cheek and a smile came upon her face.  She took one last deep breath, and spoke her final words.
	“I see your daddy! I'm going home.” she said.
