Dissonance of aeons

What is this desolate planet?, Garm muttered confusely

We just arrived in "Planet X16C" ready yourselves three of you, you'll gonna be staying here for a very long time, An Euphmyian guard yelled.

Ugh, If we are going to be exiled, then why are we ended up on such barren and uninhabited planet for fuck sake, Bardon groaned.

The Euphmyian guards pushed the three Euphymians exiles out of the spaceship.

You bastards are lucky that the high council didnt execute you scumbags for such treacherous crimes, the guard said angrily.

The high council told the masses that they are part of a bigger prophecy, heck with that I would kill them if I'm the one whose in charge, the other guard muttered.

Stealing a forbidden elixir that the ancient gods gifted our people before our race even exists is a heinous crime itself but drinking it is beyond unforgivable. I cant believe why would the high council would only exiled these scums. I guess you cannot die now for swallowing the elixirs, a guard sputtered.

Enjoy your vacation fellas! For Eternity!, a guard shouted.

The ship flew quickly from the ground into the space leaving the traitors without food and water.

I guess we are living here for quite some time, we don't need food to eat we don't die anyways thanks to the elixir that we just stole from them, Garm spoke calmly.

We maybe survive without drinking or eating but our bodies take a toll without consuming nutrients, Auduin responded.

We split up! Chances of us getting a shelter and food would increase, Bardon demanded.

No!, Auduin quickly reacted. Are you an idiot? We don't know this desolate planet yet and what monstrocities this planet is lurking, We better not split up and find resources together that way we have a better chance of surviving.

Right!, I agree I won't waste my immortality for nothing I would rather starve to death than to be eaten, Garm replied.

After a few months they manage to survive and they found a way to build a shabby shelter.

I can't believe our state man! I rather be dead than living in such condition like this for the rest of my life, Bardon uttered agitatedly.

Don't lose hope brothers! Don't forget that we are already immortals, we will be living for a millenia or even longer if we don't get ourselves recklessly be killed. Remember the elixirs only grants us not aging but it doesn't mean that we don't get ourselves be killed, Garm uttered with hope.

Auduin, you had experiments back when we are in Quenteraq right? (Quenteraq the planet where the Euphmyians dwells).

Yes, I do experimented on some animals to make them ready for combat and they can be easily trained too. I would sell them to the black market back then. Do you know how much the military would give me for such creatures?, Auduin muttered boastfully.

I don't care less about the details, we can use your abilities to experiment the creatures here to be our slaves, Garm replied.

It doesn't work that way Garm, even if I experimented on this creatures they still don't have intellect and physical attributes that we have, Auduin doubtfully responded.

So we can't make this giant fanged creatures to our side?, Bardon gestured.

Unfortunately, No I can't perform a DNA synthesis out of the creatures outside. But a creature with similar physical attributes with us with just minimal intelligence would work. But the thing is, I don't have a synthesizer with me if I could have one it would be possible, Auduin said.

That would not be a problem Auduin, I actually stole an artifact in Quenteraq. It says that I could combine my life force with my blood I could craft a desired object. I stole it because it would help me sometime in the future, Garm explained.

Why the fuck are you telling that us now!, Bardon shouted angrily.

Calm down, this is not the time to be agitated. I can materialize any minerals in the thin air in exchange of my blood and life force that would be detrimental to me. I would use this ability if we are in dire situation and this situation would be the case, Garm carefully explained.

Enough arguing both of you, we are here to survive and we had a good news that Garm had possessed such incredible ability. Having such power we can make a civilization ruled by us and I can't afford to lose that. Anyways, having our DNA's infused by these creatures is not impossible, it just takes time though, Auduin said.

Two weeks later, the machine is made but leaving Garm bedridden in the process.

Only a creature with same physical features of us Euphymians would be possible, I don't know if a creature in such feature would exists in this world. Auduin reminded everyone.

I'll do it! No one else can but me, Bardon stated.

Are you nuts? Garm is still injured and we can't leave him behind like that besides I'm too frail to venture in this planet, Auduin said.

Fine, I still need to get some food and medicine to help Garm recover, Bardon utters.

Wait, I know you are a tough guy but you're not a herbalist I would find the plants for you. Besides, I made an instrument to help me identify unknown items and plants across this place, Auduin said.

Oh fuck! You got a point!. Glad you made such a device, Bardon said laughingly.

A month later

Garm slowly regaining his health. But they are slowly in scarce on food.

Auduin I need you to take care of Garm, I need to find that creature as soon as possible or we might get all bedridden because of starvation, Bardon said with the sense of urgency.

No, wait!, I'm coming with you!, Garm yelled.

You want us to get both killed? YOu still can't get up, Bardon utters.

It's fine Garm let him be, he's a warrior and it is his pride to do so. And no one would guard this place if both of you guys would go, Auduin said.

Ugh, fuck! I don't know about this plan. It could go worse, Garm groaned.

What could go worse? We are already in shit, Bardon replied.




