1. Andrew's lip trembled as a bead of fear slid down his aquiline nose. His brown eyes were filled with trepidation as he tried not to move. His shock of black hair was matted to his forehead and his breath was uneven. Ragged with a gut wrenching vision of what dying might feel like. I'm only 12, he thought to himself.  Dying like a coward isn't how I want to be remembered. Damn. 
* His 10 year old sister Euphemie was short and thin, her tanned southern Louisiana skin glistened in the late afternoon heat.  " Don't move and stop crying, she whispered fiercely", rolling her eyes at her older brother. Euphemie knew Andrew was scared. She knew what a copperhead could do. One of their best hunting dogs was bitten earlier this spring and had died a horrible death. 
*   On the count of three… 
* One…..
* Euphie stretched  out her hand as far as she dared.
* Two….
* Andrew reached for his sister's hand before he had the chance to think about it.
* THREE!  The thin 10 year old pulled with all her might, cause if she didnt get her brother all the way over the coiled snake, both of them would suffer the same fate as cooyon. 
* The two kids ended up in a heap on the soggy forest floor each drawing a deep ragged breath of relief watching as the 6 foot copperhead slithered into the underbrush that lined the mossy path.
* That was way too close admonished andrew. I told you not to come this way. 
* Did NOT!  giggled his sister. We ALWAYS come this way. 
* Euphemie!! 
* Andrew!!!
* Their mamma called from the sharecroppers shack where the family lived.
* Coming momma! They yelled in unison., taking off through the snowy white fields that surrounded the property. 
* The fluffy crop of cotton was almost ready for harvest; their sole source of income , as the great depression ravaged the poor communities of the deep south.  Poor farmers had very little choice in the great depression south. A long witn freed slaves after the civil war, they took over the former homes and stayed to till the land with mules and plows. The overlords( former plantation owners kept a few slaves and paid them one /sixth of the crops they harvested. 
* If the crops were good, they would make out ok. A wage of around 65 cents a day. If the boll weevils got into the crops, they got nothing. 
* The Trahan family had migrated from Nova Scotia in the late 1700's, down the eastern seaboard then west to the Mississippi delta. Tales of a land rich in crops and a decent wage kept them going. 
* What they ultimately found was a very different story. 
* Being one step above a slave wasnt what they hoped for. but they were gritty, ingenious people. Scratching a living from the dark, rich soil , and living off the land gave them a staunch reputation. Their fluent French also gave them a sense of their Canadian roots. Momma spoke no english. Daddy spoke just enough to get business done with his non cajun counterparts. 
* The kids at school who spoke only english made fun of them
*  Euphemie didn't care.  Getting in trouble at school was fun as far as she was concerned. She enjoyed pissing off the teacher. Mrs. Corley was a mean old hag. She taunted and punished the French speaking students, making them feel as though they were stupid for not wanting to speak English.
* Euphemie had lost count of the times she had been punished for taking up for Mamie  and elsa. They spoke only their native language, as did their parents. Mrs Corley was hateful to them, mocking them mercilessly. 
* On a particularly bad day for her best friend, Euphie had enough. She placed a tack in the teacher's chair. 
* When the old witch got done flapping her gums and sat down… whooooweee!  She shot out of her seat, turned beet red and glared at euphemie. The young girl suppressed a giggle and stood up, knowing exactly what came next
*  The cloak room. 
* The school house was large and drafty, a huge entry with soaring ceilings welcomed the students
* Dozens of brass hooks lined the walls just inside the door. Each child had an assigned hook to hang up their coat or lunch sacks.
* Euphie knew exactly how many hooks there were, and who they belonged to.
* She had counted them numerous times. 
* She swallowed another giggle as Mrs Corley pointed towards the cloakroom. Euphemie dutifully got up and made her way out of the classroom, smiling at Elsa and squeezing her hand. 
* Put your nose in the corner until you learn to speak ENGLISH in my class! The teacher spit after her. 
* You old HAG! the girl shot back over her shoulder in French. 
* Being punished didn't bother her. She knew one day, she would move away from here and find her prince charming. He would save her from picking cotton, slaving 0ver a hot stove and eating beans all the time.
* Sitting on the floor and staring at the ceiling, she began to count.


Coming out of her reverie, she thought again about how her people came to be here. Daddy had told them so many stories, she had memorized them all. 


* The acadian settlers eventually made their way  to the deep south parishes of Louisiana. Places like Kaplan, Abbeville, church point, and cow island.
* The great depression was especially difficult for the poor farmers like Andre Trahan. 
* With minimal tools and indentured to Mr Green, the richest landowner in the parish, they made a meager living picking cotton and raising chickens. Neighbors bought eggs and fresh milk from their cows. Kaplan Louisiana was especially devastated as more of their young men had gone off to fight in the great war and never returned. Their farms taken by the bank, wives and children left destitute. 
Euphie was so glad daddy hadn't been drafted. 
* She loved the land and the beautiful crops of cotton, although the work was back breaking, all the children pitched in. Her older brother no longer attended school so he could help daddy
*  
*  She would quit too, eventually. Their parents needed them more than old Mrs Corley. 
* In a way, she was looking forward to staying home and helping momma.  She had seen her  with a sack slung across her body more times than she could count. A baby on her hip or a very pregnant belly, working from sunup to sun down. They took a short break only for a drink of cold well water or a piece of homemade bread with cane syrup dripping down their chins. At the end of the day they were sunburned and exhausted, but filled with a sense of satisfaction, knowing they worked an honest living.  
*  
* As they approached the house, she took off " race ya!" She shouted over her shoulder at Andrew.
* Her younger brother Raymond who was 6  and little sister Maudry , 8  were playing in the dirt yard , chickens pecking the dust looking for a stray grain of rice or corn. 
* Sissy! Yelled Maudry. Wrapping her thin arms around her older sister, she asked excitedly, did ya get any rabbits? 
* Sure did answered Andrew. Lets get to cleaning before daddy gets home. 
* Their mother Emithilde who had heard the commotion came out on the long front porch, wiping her hands on her floured apron. 
* A chubby toddler clung to her dress, her tiny thumb stuck dutifully in her mouth. Dark curls framed her rosy cheeks. Euphemie bounded up the three wide steps and scooped Audrey up, giving her a quick kiss. Hi baby, she cooed. The baby snuggled into her sister's neck " tissy" she giggled. 
* Emithilde beamed at the children, thanking the good Lord for his blessings. Times were hard, but she and Andre worked tirelessly to provide for their growing family. Sweeping aside a stray strand of hair from her sweaty brow, and rubbing her growing belly absentmindedly she turned her attention to the boiling pot of water that sat atop the wood burning stove .
* The kitchen was spacious and airy, the large windows open both day and night to catch any breeze the unforgiving summer heat might decide to part with.
* The huge stove took up most of the space along with a pine dinner table Emithildes father had made for the young couple as a wedding gift. 6 chairs and a wooden high chair crowded around it, and the young mother giggled to herself . we need more places to sit she thought 
*  As if on cue, the baby kicked her in the ribs. Ouch!  This one HAS to be a boy she thought. 
* 2 large Kerosene lamps sat in the middle of the long table. 
* The family relied on them for light in the evenings. They were the childrens sole source of illumination for their homework. 
* A  deep water well they drew from for fresh water and cooking was situated in the backyard. 
* Electricity and running water were for the rich folk like Mr Green who owned all the land for 100 miles around. He made his living off the backs of people like the Trahans and others who had no real marketable skills except the back breaking work of picking cotton. 
* Mr Green allowed them to live in his sharecropper's houses and in return they harvested the crops, bringing it to New orleans in the horse drawn wagon to sell at the warehouses lining the docks.
* The trip to Ohnville ( new Orleans) was the height of the year for the family. Not only was the city considered wicked by their momma, ( which made it all the more alluring).. it took two days to get there, which meant no chores. Their scattered extended families lived in Lafayette so a night spent with cousins, aunts and uncles meant plenty of crawfish and fried catfish at uncle Leo's house. 
* Mr Green was rich, but not unfair. He gave them a small stipend. Just enough to buy staples to fill the huge barrels that sat on the porch. Rice, flour, cornmeal and the best of all… sugar. 
* As Emithilde stirred the homemade roux ( flour and oil mixed to create the base for almost all their meals) she couldn't help but wonder what Mrs Green was having for supper. Something prepared by the house help, she was certain.
*  She shrugged off the thought and dropped the cut up rabbit into the huge cast iron pot along with fragrant green onion and home grown carrots and potatoes. The fragrance drifted outside across the yard and into the breeze that was fluffing the shiny leaves of the huge 200 year old magnolias . 
*      Chapter 2
Andre Trahan was born at the turn of the century. Before the Titanic sank. Before motorized transportation was a staple in everyone's driveway. 
When horse and buggy were still the preferred mode of getting around for most folks in kaplan Louisiana. 
He was born to a second generation french Canadian family from the coast of nova Scotia. His great great grandfather was a landowner who sold everything he had for a better life in a land of milk and honey...so the stories went amongst those hungry for a rich living. 
Once they arrived, reality set in. The plantation owners had the industry of farming sewn up. Free labor, hundreds of acres of land and crops as far as the eye could see. 
The immigrants bought what they could and scratched out a meager living, soon realizing the only choice was to work for the big overlords. 
After slavery ended, the little sharecroppers homes were for the most part abandoned and the cotton plantations needed laborers. Problem solved. Indentured servitude. 
 Andre was born into that servitude. Along with his two brothers and three sisters. The roads were lined with small sharecropper  houses.  
They were tiny shotgun homes. One bedroom, a large kitchen and long porches that ran the length of the house where in the evening small children played 
The tin roofs glistened in the summer sun, and played a melody to lull the people inside to sleep during a spring rain. 


At 19 he met Emithilde, and fell in love with her instantly.
Her family, the Harringtons, had much the same history as his. Hardworking, barely making ends meet. 
They had met at the Catholic church on a Saturday afternoon. The year was 1918 at the height of the 1st world war. 
The minute he laid eyes on her, sitting next to her mother , her face covered by a short white lace veil ( as was the custom in all churches), he knew he had to talk to her. 
She glanced over and caught his eye, blushing under the sheer lace. 
 Her black hair glistened in the morning sun filtering through the stained glass windows of the chapel. Brown eyes with long lashes gave him a sideways glance, her rosy lips curving in a half smile, so her momma wouldn't notice. Andres' cheeks blushed and a warm feeling filled his body.  
After church he approached her. Smiling around the butterflies in his stomach, he introduced himself. 
Bonjour. Moi nau es Andre'
Emithilde, she replied softly as her father grumbled his disapproval, glaring at Andre from under the brim of his hat. 
The young man gulped nervously , extending his outstretched hand to the burly man. 
I'm sorry sir, he spoke clearly, introducing himself quickly. Before the big farmer had a chance to waylay him in front of the remaining congregants milling around outside the big white church.
Taking andres clammy hand in his, Mr Harrington gripped it tightly.
Im Emithildes father, this is her mother, Alice.
Andre let out a breath of relief, realizing he wasn't going to get a black.eye after all. He grinned at Emithilde. 
After that day, they were inseparable, going on long walks through the fields, eating supper at one another's homes, and sitting under the stars on the porch swing under the watchful eye of her older sisters. 
Soon, they were engaged and tied the knot in 1920, as the war continued to rage overseas and the creeping depression began to rear its ugly head around the country. 
They barely noticed.
 all they knew was the future stretched out like a promise of forever...
 Andre shook his head, trying to remember what his original thought was? 
Oh yes. The baby needed more rags for diapers. The general store usually had a good selection of goods, so the young father veered away from the crowded bar across the street and made his way across the street to colliers general store. Not today he admonished himself. Emithilde would have his hide if he came home with alcohol on his breath. Maybe tomorrow he could swing in for a quick shot of whiskey. 
The bell on the door of colliers general store tinkled loudly. 
Bon jour, Nate collier greeted Andre.
Andre nodded amicably and wandered over to the dry goods.
Ill need some flour and a couple white rags for the missus nate, he spoke in fluent french.
Oui, replied collier.
He dreaded to tell mr Trahan how much the rags were
 Everything was going up in price as the smaller farmers were being obliterated by dropping crop prices and the encroachment of larger conglomerates buying up the land and driving them out of business.
How much do I owe you asked the young man,  already wincing in anticipation.
35 cents.
He waited for the gasp but to his surprise, andre just reached into his pants pocket and fished out a quarter and dime, sliding it across the smooth countertop
 Mr collier reached under the counter, coming up with 4 pieces of peppermint and placed them inside the paper sack. 
Mercì andre spoke softly. 
You are very welcome Mr Trahan . have a blessed day.
As he started the long walk home, andre Trahan gazed up at the evening sky and sent up a silent thank you to God. 
Merci Bon Duh. Thank you dear Lord.
Another crises averted. 
He tried not to think about the past time he had gone for a quick drink. There was a high stakes game going on. 
And he loved poker.  He had lost a lot of money that day. 
But that was in the past.  
He pushed the thought out of his head as he passed the last little shack before he could make out the old rickety wooden mailbox on the left of the dusty road. Waving absentmindedly at the neighbors 6 children playing in the yard a few yards off to the right.
Bon soir Mr Trahan! They greeted him in unison and went back to building a makeshift fort with leftover firewood, sticks and a burlap sack. 
Just as he started to turn onto his driveway, he spotted euphemie and andrew coming to greet him. 
Daddy! Yelled his oldest daughter as he bent down to pick her up. 
You're getting too big for this he laughed.
Never! She hugged his neck fiercely.
Hey boy. He ruffled Andrew's tousled black hair.
Get any rabbits today?
Yes sir, the boy answered proudly. 6 altogether!
Momma is cooking them now.
Andre could almost smell the thick sweet stew his wife was so good at making. She had almost certainly made fresh bread to sop up the gravy. 
His stomach growled in anticipation as he placed his arms around his kids and walked the last few yards to the house.
Daddy! Maudry and Raymond ran out the screen door and jumped into their daddy's arms kissing him on his stubbly cheek. 
André handed them the paper sack and watched their eyes light up as one by one they discovered the peppermints in the bottom of the bag.
Thank you daddy! They beamed from ear to ear as they devoured the special treat. 
              Chapter 3


The early morning light crept around the thin cotton curtains that covered the wooden shutters that served as  windows in the one bedroom all 4 children shared. The baby still slept with her momma and daddy. 
A lumpy down mattress sat on a wooden frame. One lonely chest of drawers and a huge wardrobe where they stored what little clothes they owned took up the remaining space.
A sound like a hurt animal floated under the crack between the floor and door. Euphemie listened carefully.
Maybe she was dreaming .
A guttural moan coming from the other room. Sitting upright, she slid out of bed, her bare feet touching the cold floor boards. 
Opening the door slowly as to not wake up her brothers and sister, she slipped around the slight opening and crept down the short hallway to the opening to her parents bedroom. It was a lot bigger than the room she shared with her siblings. 
The 3 large floor to ceiling windows faced the rising sun although it was still too dim to see clearly.
She could make out her fathers silhouette sitting gingerly on the side of the tall four poster bed, the huge feather mattress at least 3 feet off the floor. She could see her mothers pale hand clutching his fingers.  Baby audrey slept soundly on the far side of the bed, oblivious to what was happening. 
An even more distressed cry came from the bed, and suddenly euphemie realized what that sound meant.
Snapping suddenly fully awake, she whispered Momma?? May I come in?
Yes . come get the baby please. 
And then come see me, her mother said breathlessly. Euphie lifted the sleeping toddler and took her into the other room. Returning to her parents room, she approached the bed excitedly realizing her momma was gonna have the baby today!
She threw herself onto the bed and gave her mother a hug.
Euphemie had watched her and helped with her little sister, so she wasnt afraid or nervous. Just so excited!
Go get Mrs Daley, her mother breathed sharply, wincing in pain.
Emithilde smiled around the wrenching pain of the contractions wracking her body.
Yes ma'am she kissed her moms cheek, as she ran to get dressed and bounded out the door and to the barn.
Andrew had heard all the commotion and gotten Ginger the old mare all the kids rode to town untethered .
He was waiting for his sister with nervous anticipation.
Ill go. He offered.
No, I'm faster and you need to watch the other kids.
With that she swung up on the dappled Tennessee walker and took off down the dusty drive, the horse's hooves leaving a cloud of sun-dappled particles of earth behind them.


The long road wound through stands of oak and pine trees, curving across a swollen stream where a wooden bridge marked the halfway point to mrs. Daleys house. 
Euphemie dreaded the next curve.
She kneed Ginger to urge her into a gallop, although the mare seemed to sense the young girl's distress and picked up her pace into a full on run. 
Euphie held the reigns tightly and bent closer to the horses neck, hoping and praying the next house's occupant wouldn't notice them passing by. 
Cmon girl, she urged. 
God please don't let him hear us……


   Chapter 4


His ears caught a distant rumble.
Horses hooves.
Slowly lifting his scraggly chin from his chest, he cocked his head to the side. His close set gray eyes squinted against the early morning sun .
A slight breeze sighed through the thick trees that shielded the house from the dirt road. 
Listening intently he realized the horse and its rider were coming from the east of the creek. 
Only two families lived that far down Chillicothe road. The Quebedeauxs and the Trahans. 
One in particular he enjoyed toying with.
The kids all seemed so well behaved. 
It was an absolute delight to walk towards their house and watch them scatter in fear. His limp and crooked walk frightened all the children when he went into town. They ran behind their mothers skirts, peeking out with big eyes locked on his bent leg and wild stare. 
A maniacal giggle escaped his cracked lips. Oh to have just one of them in his possession
 Stop! Screamed the voice in his ears. You musnt let them hear you.
He unfolded his thin body from the wooden chair and walked purposefully to the tree line beside the road.
Crouching on all fours he waited as the sound grew louder.
Ah yes! Just as he thought. 
The dappled mare and her lovely rider sped past him, not noticing the sickening grin that twisted his dirty face.
As he made his way across the littered yard, back to the gaping darkness of the doorway, a plan began to form in his demented mind.
Giggling uncontrollably, he began to sing
Oh my darlin
Oh my darlin
Oh my darlin, Clementine!
You are lost and gone forever….
The door of the small cabin creaked open and a mousey face peaked out.
What are you singin for? 
The skinny girls thin brown hair framed her pale face. Her green eyes were pretty, although filled with a mix of curiosity and trepidation. She was never sure what kind of mood her husband would be in from one day to the next. 
Shut up and get back in there and fix me some breakfast, he scowled at her. 
Maddie closed the door softly. It was gonna be one of those days. A sound from the root cellar caught her attention. She swiftly descended the narrow steps into the darkness. 
Hush up! She whispered fiercely. 
Or no dinner tonight either. 
Turning on her heel, she scooted back to the tiny kitchen and threw 6 slices of bacon into the iron skillet.
The sounds from the cellar stopped.




Euphemie skittered past Badauses house, praying she wouldn't fall off the horse.
Stories about the hermit who lived down the road had kept her and her siblings awake more nights than she could count. 
Momma and daddy promised them that Badause would sneak into their rooms at night and steal them away if they misbehaved.
A shudder ran down her spine recalling the story of her best friend elsa's little brother.
He was only 4 when he disappeared from his family's front porch. 
Elsa's mother had gone inside to tend to her infant sister, and when she returned to the porch, Albert was nowhere to be found.
The sheriff had organized a search party with every able bodied man in the town, along with three of her daddy's best coon dogs. 
They searched the woods, along the swamp, and all the way to the next parish. 
Little Albert was gone.
Elsa still cried for her brother and her momma was never quite right since his disappearance. 


           Chapter 5


Esther Daley sat on her porch, drinking her 2nd cup of chickory coffee, when she heard a voice in the distance. Squinting against the bright sun, she tried to make out her early morning visitor.
* Ms Daley! Ms Daley!
Euphie Trahan pulled the reins , stopping the sweaty mare a few yards from the house.
Hurry! Its momma! 
Esther sprinted from the rocking chair and over to the excited child. 
Calm down now , she crooned softly,  a if talking to one of her ladies.She helped her from the animal's back, and placed her arm around the excited girl.
Let your horse rest a minute. 
Come on into the house and get a cool drink while I get my bag. She scurried into the house, disappearing into the dimly lit interior. 
The old woman was spry and quick. The only midwife for at least 50 miles around she was ready at a minute's notice to attend to the ladies she cared for. Emerging with an overstuffed leather drs bag with big wooden handles, and three bleached white towels rolled up under her arm, she grabbed a straw hat from a hatrack and placed it atop her gray bun
 
She had delivered at least 300 babies, euphemie was sure of it.
 If not more. All her friends had been brought into the world by Esther daley.
Go into the kitchen and get you one of my homemade cinnamon buns while I hitch up the wagon.
Euphie passed the doorway into the warm inviting kitchen. A smoldering fire from the wooden stove gave the large space a homey glow.
6 huge rolls were cooling in a tin pan. The scent made her mouth water and her stomach reminded her she hadn't had a bite to eat with all the excitement. 


Wrapping one in a napkin she stuffed it into the oversized pocket of her wool jacket. Her brothers and sisters hadn't eaten breakfast either, she was certain of that. Daddy would be too nervous to think of cooking. 
Lets go girl ! yelled the old woman. 
 Times a wastin.
Euphie sprinted over the last of the porch and scrambled up on her horse.
Ms Daley led the way as she sent up a silent prayer that they would get to momma on time.
It was a good 30 minutes ride back home, she thought helplessly, pushing the negative thoughts from her head.
Momma was a strong beautiful woman. She had already delivered 5 healthy babies and there  was no reason to believe this time would be any different. 
Ms Daley was whistling a merry tune as the mules seemed to keep time.
Oh I wish I was 
in the land of cotton
Old times there are not forgotten
Look away
Look away
Look away
Dixie land.
If Ms Daley wasnt worried, then why should I? Euphie asked herself. 
Still, a nagging feeling in the pit of her stomach kept her knees pressed into the horse's flanks, urging her on.


Sweat beads dripped through Emithildes dark matted hair.
Her breathing had become more ragged and labored as the hours passed. 
She sensed something was terribly wrong with this delivery. No matter how hard she pushed, the baby didnt seem to be budging. A trickle of blood escaped her body as another contraction ravaged her body.
Andre wrung out another cold rag and wiped his wife's face. 
Please God, he pleaded, don't take my sweet girl. Please…..
Another scream escaped her parched lips as she lost consciousness.
Andrew and his younger siblings huddled together on the front porch, crying silently. The baby clung to her older brothers tattered overalls and sucked her thumb. As young as she was, she sensed something was horribly wrong. Raymond and Maudry sat silently, poking at the dirt with a stick. Afraid to move or ask their daddy what was going on. Raymond couldn't remember little audrey's birth, but he vividly recalled it was a lot quicker than this one. This felt bad…. 
He hung his head and cried silently. Although Maudry was only 8, she knew in her soul this just wasnt right. Don't cry Ray, momma will be just fine she promised her brother. She didnt feel as though it was all fine no matter how many times she tried to push the fear away. Tears stung her brown eyes and glistened her long lashes. Lifting the hem of her hand me down yellow dress, she wiped them away angrily. Where was Euphie and ms Daley? 
Andrew disengaged Audreys arm from his and tilted his head listening intently.
A soft rumble grew rapidly at the end of the long dusty drive. 


Theyre here! He screamed excitedly. Loud enough so his daddy would hear from inside the house. The other children jumped off the porch and ran to meet their sister.
Euphie!!  Hurry up! 
Euphemie skittered the horse to a halt and almost fell off in her haste. 
Ms Daleys horses and wagon flew almost to the porch before shuddering to a standstill. 
Where is she? She barked at Andrew. His pale face sent a shiver down the old woman's spine. 
Flying up the steps, her straw hat dropping to the dirt, Esther Daley prayed she wasnt too late.
A slight breeze poked its head into the dark room, receding immediately as if sensing the dread that filled the house. 
Emithilde? 
Its Esther, the midwife cooed softly.
She had learned over the years of delivering hundreds of babies that both mother and child did better without tension and loud voices. 
Approaching the bedside , she once again spoke softly .
Emmy? Can you hear me? 
Nothing. 
Only rattled breathing and a face drained completely of any color .
Esther's many years of training kicked into high gear. 
Pulling the damp sheet away from Emithildes legs, she saw something that made her blood run cold.
Euphemie! She barked.
Yes ma'am? Euphie had been just outside the door, waiting impatiently until she was needed. 
Get one of those clean towels and hot water!  
She was already one step ahead, running to the kitchen as fast as she could, grabbing the water off the stove, she hurried into the bedroom with the supplies. 
Esther's  face wrinkled into a frown as she leaned closer to Emithildes soaking wet head. 
Emmy, im not gonna lie to you she spoke calmly but her voice had a nervous edge. 
This is gonna hurt like hell she told the young woman. Exhausted beyond caring, Emithildes eyes fluttered , then closed again
 


Going back to the end  of the bed, Esther looked down at the baby's one tiny leg protruding from its momma. The baby was breech....Phìt Putàn!  She cursed under  her breath. 


Reaching down, she grabbed the tiny foot and began to push it back up. 
Emithilde had no more energy, and barely moaned. 
I gotta get this baby out now!!! she screamed in her own head. Its gonna die if I don't. 
A gush of bright red blood covered her hands as she reached into the young woman, searching for the childs other foot. 
A toe! Thank you lord she breathed as her hands grasped both of the little baby's feet and gently tugged.
Push!  Emithilde, PUSH GIRL! 
Somewhere deep in her mind beyond the dim dark shadows, the young woman heard a vague voice. Who was that? 
Whats wrong with me? She wondered absently, sleep and soft darkness calling her . lulling her into a safe quiet place. 
PUSH! the screeching voice yelled in her face. 
Why? She wondered. Im so tired….
Euphemie was crying and holding her mommas hand. 
Momma? Momma please wake up. 
Her voice broke and somewhere deep in Emithildes dream, she heard her daughters weeping. Don't cry she thought
 Momma is here……..
Digging deep into a reserve and 
With an effort she didnt feel, she sat half up on the bed and let out an animal howl.
With that ms Daley pulled the baby out onto the blood soaked bed.
Its a boy!  Euphemie gazed down at the tiny baby , but he was so still. 
Why isn't he crying? She asked .
Pure fear coursed through her as ms Daley grabbed the little boy turning him upside down and slapping his rear end forcing him to take a deep breath and let out a very mad scream.
Relief flooded the room as the old woman began to staunch the flow of blood and clean the beautiful little boy. 
Andre burst into the room as if on cue, dropping to his knees beside his wife, tears of relief and gratitude streaming down his handsome young face.


  


       Chapter 6


Spring in south Louisiana was a festive time for everyone. The biggest festival of all,  Mardi Gras meant parties, food and family reunions. 
Masked horse riders rode from one home to the next, collecting the ingredients for the first gumbo of Lent. They always frightened the children as they ran to get out of the way. 
The men had no qualms about running down any child who wasnt quick or smart enough to get out of the way. 
They were drunk on moonshine and whiskey, beating their horses to go faster in a competition of who could get the most ingredients. If a family.was unable to supply what was asked of them, the inebriated riders would take a cow or even the family dog. 
Their ruthlessness frightened euphemie.
It was far from celebratory as far as she was concerned. 
Tomorrow was gonna be a good day though. 
The family was travelling to Lafayette to spend a few days at uncle Leo's house. 
He and aunt Estelle were euphies favorite .
Their 6 kids were all the same age as the Trahan kids, so get togethers were always fun. Aunt Estelle cooked a huge meal and everyone played boure ( like pinochle) and even poker. 
Coming out of her reverie, she hurried inside to help momma finish packing for the younger kids , not seeing the shadowy figure just behind the tree line who had been watching her draw water . 
As the sun set on another day, the family gathered around their table, sharing ideas about what to do on their trip. 
The figure crept closer..
Hunching down so as not to be seen through the open shutters. 
He could hear their excited chatter and a stab of jealousy seared his sight. Blackness engulfed him as rage took over. They were happy. How dare they. His anger bubbled up and he could feel a growl deep in his throat.
He had to remain calm.
Later he told himself. 
Slinking back to the woods he made his way home , barely able to contain his excitement. 
Andre had heard the rustling leaves from just outside the window. Remaining calm and forcing himself to stay in the chair at the head of the big pine table, a smile remaining on his face as the kids chattered excitedly in their native french about the outing tomorrow morning. 
Emithilde sensed her husbands tension and looked up from nursing baby Alex. The baby's chubby arm poked out from under his mommas elbow. Whats wrong? Her brow furrowed as Andre shook his head slightly, warning her not to upset the happy mood.
He unfolded his wiry frame from the chair and sauntered over to the front door where his hunting shotgun leaned against the wall. The kids hadn't stopped giggling and talking yet.  he heaved a sigh of relief as he opened the front door and walked out on the long front porch
Crickets and tree frogs filled the spring air with their chirping as the last of the azure sun set drifted into darkness. 
His eyes caught a flash of white across the field as a figure slipped into the cover of the tree line. 
Who in the hell? Andres neck prickled as his hair stood on end.
That better not be who he thought it was. He will be a dead son of a bitch if he crosses my property again he swore under his breath. 
What is it? Emithilde slid her arms from behind and enveloped  her husbands waist.
Nothing moi cherie, he turned to meet her lips. 
Time for bed eh? 
Giggling softly the two embraced and kissed again before returning to their excited brood.
     
           Chapter 7


As darkness fell across the swamp, a child cried silently for his momma.
He had lost count of how many times he had fallen asleep and woke up in the dank room. 
He didnt know where he was, but could remember the day the man had taken him from his home. He had heard his momma screaming his name, but the man had his hand firmly over alberts mouth, stopping the frantic child from crying out.
Shut up or ill kill you , the mans foul breath hissed in his ear.
 Albert tried to twist around to see the mans face. His voice sounded familiar, but the young childs head was in the crook of the kidnappers arm like a hog in a pen. He couldn't budge.
Stop that wiggling! Ill kill you. I swear it, he laughed maniacally as Albert tried his best not to fall off the horse. 
His mommas screams got further and further away and with them the child's hope of being heard or seen ever again. 
His stomach growled loudly bringing him back to the present. His surroundings were dark and cold. He shivered so bad at times, he thought his teeth would break. There wasn't any light unless the lady brought a kerosene lantern with her. 
She hadn't been down today at all .
Maybe she had forgotten he was still tied up in her house.
Maybe the man had taken her away and he would starve to death and never be found. 
Footsteps descended the stairs and he heard her humming.
Good evening! She grinned at Albert.
I have an apple for you! 
His small frame straightened. 
I wanna go home, the  boy pleaded. I miss my momma.
He began sobbing uncontrollably.
There , there , the skinny girl crooned. Her green eyes were shiny with excitement. 
Im sure you will get used to us soon, she reassured him. We have always prayed for a child, and God sent you to live with us. Isn't that wonderful? She asked Albert, grinning from ear to ear. Her crooked yellow teeth reminded him of the corn his momma used to cook for him. Suddenly he was certain he would never want to see corn again as long as he lived. 
Please, he tried again
 I want my momma. 
Her grin suddenly disappeared as though he were the most daft child on the planet. 
She got down on all fours and scooted closer to the terrified little boy. Licking her dry lips, she enunciated each word as if speaking to the slowest person in the world. 


Why, I AM your momma…….
Albert began screaming and screaming.


Outside sitting in his chair,  Badaus heard the ruckus and smiled. 


One more, he promised himself. Just one more child. Maybe then Maddie would be satisfied. 


As the Trahan clan slept, Andre placed his shotgun near the bed. 
Sliding under the scratchy wool blanket, feeling the goose feathers poking in his back, he listened to his wifes even breathing, her arm cradled protectively over baby Alex.
How safe are we really? The thought flitted through his mind as he drifted off to sleep.
His dreams were troubled that night. 


In the room down the hall, moonlight scarred the old pine boards. Five beautiful dark haired children slept soundly on the huge bed, oblivious of the danger lurking right outside their window. 
The smell of sleep wafted through the window to Badauses nostrils.
It made him giddy with anticipation of the fear in their eyes when he climbed through the window and woke them up.
He was almost naseous with excitement. His heart pounding with each step he took towards the house..
A twig snapped. Freezing  in place he waited. 
Hearing nothing stirring within; 
 No cries, he got down low and crept closer. 
Euphemie stirred in her sleep, the tatters of a nightmare nagging her consciousness. Rolling over to check on her brothers and sisters, she could just make out their sleeping features in the pale moonlit room. Andrews arm was slung across his eyes, snoring softly. Maudry and raymond were sleeping arms entwined. Even in sleep, they were inseparable. Audreys angelic three year old face glowed in the light, one stray curl over her smooth brow. It was warm for a spring night. 
Was that what had woke her up? 
No.
She could have sworn it was something else.
Someone was outside. She just knew it. 
But who? And why?
Sliding slowly off the bed, she peered over to the open window. 
No sounds now. Just tree frogs celebrating the dew on the oak branches. Cheerup Cheerup. It sounded like to her anyway. 
Tomorrow was gonna be so much fun. 
SNAP.
Her body froze.
In the next room her fathers eyes flew open.
Reaching for his 12 gauge, he quickly made his way across the room and down the hall  where his children were sleeping.
As he approached the door, he saw his eldest daughter standing peering at the open window.
Euphie! Get away from the window! 
Andres lean body rushed to get between her and the open window just as a mans frame appeared in the moonlit space. He couldn't make out his face as he shouted to the intruder. Whos there? He yelled. 
The man rushed at andre pulling the gun from his grip. 
He struck the young father across the jaw. 
Emithilde had rushed into the room and screamed at the other children. Get  to the kitchen!  All four stumbled from the bed, Emithilde snatching up audrey in her other arm. Both babies were howling. Maudry and Raymond's eyes were huge saucers as their biggest nightmare stood in their room struggling with their daddy. 
Andrew ran past the struggling men and grabbed the 30.06 off the rack over the front door. 
Cocking the barrel, he ran back into the bedroom just as his father was getting up. Blood dripped down his night shirt as he struggled to gain control of the weapon from the intruder. Suddenly as if a switch was flipped, the would be kidnapper loosened his grip on Andre. 
Just as quickly as he had entered the home, he made for the window once again. 
Andrew tore after him crashing to the hard dirt below the window.
 Struggling to gain his footing, he took a shot at the fleeing man.
POW! the rifle cracked the night air. POW POW!
two more rounds tore through the air hitting the man in the leg. He stumbled but kept going, now out of range of the young boy's weapon. 
Andrew collapsed to the ground shaking uncontrollably.
He knew with a certain sickness who the man was. Their own boogeyman. Badaus. 


Nobody could go back to sleep that night. So the family gathered their clothes for a few days and emithilde made a pot of coffee while bacon sizzled in  huge cast iron skillet that stayed on the stove. 
The smell of biscuits wafted through the house, unable to dispel the somber fear lingering in each of their thoughts.
Why us ? Euphemie wondered for the hundredth time since Badauses attempt to steal one of them away.
She was more than certain that had been his intention. 
She shuddered and tried to push the fear down. 
Soon they would be on the road to uncle Leo's, and away from the evil man. 
Polishing off his last cup of coffee, Andre herded his brood out the door, making sure the stove was out and latching the door behind him. Throwing the leftover scraps to the dogs, he climbed up on the wagon bench and slapped the reins across the backs of his two huge plow mules.
Emithilde leaned against her husband and cradled Alex against her breast. 
Five very relieved children began to chatter excitedly in the back of the wagon., Gazing back at their home, euphemie could not recall a time in her young life when she had been happy to see the house disappear around the bend in the road.
  
          Chapter 8


Leo Harrington pitched another bale of hay into one of his horse's stalls.
His 6 foot frame filled the doorway, wide shoulders working the pitchfork back and forth, spreading the hay.
A brood mare nickered softly from the stall. Easy tilly, it won't be long before your little one is here. Her very pregnant belly quivered as if the foal could hear the man talking to its mother. 
He was trying to finish up the morning chores and get things ready for his sister and her family's arrival later today .
He hadn't seen Andre and Emithilde in over a year. 
Estelle was already in the kitchen stirring a huge iron pot of roux. The fragrance drifted outside carried by the spring breeze. His stomach growled loudly thinking about the seafood gumbo they were having for supper. A treat to be sure. Shrimp, crab legs, andouille sausage and catfish from the creek. 
Estelle made the best gumbo in Lafayette as far as he was concerned.
The kids were excited and had already helped their mother bake homemade bread and a fresh apple pie for dessert. 


Andre steered the wagon further east, passing one small town after another. The further away from kaplan they got, his stomach eased up and the gut wrenching fear dissipated to a dull ache. The younger children had fallen asleep with the rocking of the wagon and steady gate the two big animals had kept. 
Emithilde was grateful for the silence. Her mind kept playing the nights events over and over like the picture shows in town. She shuddered to think about what could have happened to any one of them. What had that crazy man wanted? 
Her intuition answered immediately. 
One of her precious children. 
All the stories she had heard about him were true. 
The realization made her sick. 
Why had she and Andre used that evil person to frighten their children into obedience?
He truly was a boogeyman. 
God forgive me she prayed. Leaning against andre, she drifted into a fitful sleep. 


Peering out the kitchen window, Estelle Harrington let out an excited whoop.
They're here!!! 
All 6 kids came scampering from the back room where they had been playing jacks.
Yay! Screamed allison as she bounded over the last step and down the drive.
She was tall and lanky, her long brown hair braided down her back. 
Euphie! She waved at her cousin wildly. They were the same age, and closer than most siblings.
Euphemie spotted her and stood up in the wagon bed, nearly falling out.
She couldn't wait to tell Allison what had happened. Her cousin was always ready and willing to listen to any and everything Euphie said. It was good to have someone besides her siblings to confide in. 
She jumped out of the wagon before its came to a full stop, eliciting a half hearted admonishment from Andre.
He didnt have the heart to yell at any of them after the events of the night before. 
The two little girls embraced and spun around excitedly while their parents and siblings chattered and made their way to the wide front porch.
Aunt Estelle had a tray of fresh lemonade on the narrow serving table she kept for visitors.
Allison, fetch that tray of snickerdoodles on the stove.
Yes momma, she grabbed euphies hand and dragged her into the house.
Whats been going on? She asked excitedly. 
Allison was a lot more excitable than her cousin and it made the other girl giggle. 
Well, she began suspensefully…
We almost got kidnapped last night! She blurted out taking note of Allison's shocked look. Continuing in a whisper, it was Badaus and andrew shot him..
I dont believe you, Allison snickered. He's just a story your momma tells you so you'll mind her. 
Euphie stood up straighter and glared , her brown eyes flashing angrily. 
I m not lying, ALLIE. And. I DONT care if you believe it or not. 
Turning on her heel, she ran out of the house wiping away angry tears.
Allison was immediately sorry for doubting her. 
Im sorry Euphie! She yelled after her.
But the other child was already out of earshot
Damn it. 




                  Chapter 9


His leg was infected. It hurt like hell, pus draining from the wound. Going to the dr was out of the question. Old doc Thib would ask what happened. He couldn't pass it off as accidental, and so all he could do was wait and hope for the best. 
Gingerly peeling away the cotton bandage maddie had wrapped around his calf, the gunshot looked even worse than yesterday. 
A greenish tint was growing in diameter around the open sore.
Damn that bratty Trahan kid.
He wiped his sweaty brow on his sleeve and shivered, taking another swig of whiskey to dull his throbbing headache .
To top it all off, Maddie was furious.
 Refusing to even speak to him. 
He tried to reason with her and explain that none of it was his fault. He had every intention of bringing her what she demanded. Those wiley Trahans were too crafty and always on their toes. Even in the dead of night. His wife wasn't buying anything he told her. 
All he got in return for his pleadings was a dead stare and hissing SHUT UP.
He had tried to walk back to the house, but the pain was too bad. 
It they had gone away for a few days like they were discussing as he crouched below the window, he would wait .
He had plenty of time.
Maddie poked her head out and hissed at him
The kid is hungry. Get to town. Her slight figure disappeared into the dim house.


 Not daring to argue, Badaus limped to the barn and saddled his horse.
Bitch, he mumbled .
Maybe she was the one who needed to be silenced. The thought made him giggle. 


Getting away from her would give him time to think. 
Badaus began to whistle. 


As the evil man made his way along the road, andre was telling leo about what had gone on.
The big mans face turned beet red, and his huge fists clenched involuntarily.
What?? He couldn't believe what his brother in law was saying.
Im going back with you. 
His tone left no room for discussion.
Andre wisely changed the subject .So when do we eat? Placing his arm around his brother in law, the men entered the house.
It smelled like heaven. The table was laden with aromatic dishes.
The huge pot of gumbo was set in the middle with a long handled ladle hung on the rim.
Steam escaped the lid covering another pot of white fluffy rice. A big glass bowl of potato salad, three loaves of fresh bread and a blackberry cobbler next to aunt estelles apple pie completed the meal.
The older children were already seated, waiting impatiently for the head of the house to  say grace. The little ones sat on the floor with their food already half eaten. 
Leo removed his wide brim hat and sat down, bowing his head. 
Bon duh, thank you for this beautiful day. For my sister and her family being here today, and for the food we are about to receive from Your bountiful table. Amen.
AMEN they all said in unison. 
And then the fluent french chatter took on a life of its own.
Between bites and laughter, they caught up on the latest gossip, mentioning this cousin and that aunt or distant relative nobody had heard from recently . 
Over coffee and dessert leo told his wife he was taking the wagon back to kaplan with the Trahans. Her eyes grew large, but
His determined look told Estelle that as andre knew earlier, it was pointless to question him. 
As the women cleared the table, uncle Leo reached above the fireplace and took down his fiddle. 
The younger children were tucked into bed to the sounds of a lively toe tapping melody.
And the moonshine was passed around well into the early morning hours.
Euphie fell asleep and dreamed of being chased. Allison slept peacefully next to her cousin, their earlier spat forgotten, her young mind oblivious to the demons of the world.


The next morning brought another big meal and much laughter and games. 
Andrew wanted to go frog gigging. 
Leo and estelles place was situated in the atchafalaya basin. A sprawling swampland just east of lafayette proper. Uncle had a pirogue and plenty of gigging gear. This time of year the bullfrog population was plentiful .
They were so loud it was impossible to sleep some nights.  His eldest cousin Leonard was two years his senior. As a 15 year old, he was wise to the ways of the world as far as Andrew was concerned. He had dropped out of school 3 years ago and spent his days working in the cane fields with uncle. He was even known to smoke a pipe on occasion. Leonard was the coolest most sophisticated person Andrew knew. 
The two boys decided that the day was perfect for a swamp adventure. 
I wanna go too! 
Euphemie pouted, her thin arms crossed defiantly across her small frame. Its not fair! Im old enough. 
Me and Andrew go all the time at home. Momma? 
Emithilde shook her head vehemently. 
But why? She asked again.
Because your momma said no, interjected Andre.
Well that was the end of the conversation. Crap. 
The two boys hoisted the pirogue on their shoulders and took off down the drive. 
It was a couple miles walk to the edge of the swamp, huge moss laden oak trees lined the path. The land noticeably shifted from mainly sandy soil to a spongy green surface. Their bare feet began to make more of an impression as mud squeezed up through their toes.
A deer crashed through the underbrush a few feet away. Andrew wished he had his rifle. 
The path descended further and sloped to the murky swamp. 
Setting the pirogue into the shallows both kids climbed in , leonard pushing off with a wide wooden paddle.
Hawks lazily circled overhead and huge alligators sunbathed on the muddy bank
 One slid into the water. 
Oh shoot. Exclaimed Leonard.
He paddled faster and got to the other side of the narrow waterway.  The big gator rolled over in the water and slithered away.
That was close! 
You aint seen nothing yet laughed his cousin.
Climbing up on the opposite bank and pulling the boat up behind them, the duo made their way deeper into the forest. 
A low growl emitted from above .
Bobcat.
Andrews neck bristled. 
Keep walking commanded the older boy. They can sense if you're scared.
I ain't scared!  
Are too!
Lets get some frogs for a stew the younger boy changed the subject.
Grabbing a long cane stick with a sharp knife point  tied to the end, the younger boy ventured further down a sloped embankment. He could hear the frogs just below. Aiming his gigger, he lobbed it toward the pond. Whoohoo! He yelled.  A huge green black bullfrog hung impaled on the sharp point, its hind legs still jumping involuntarily.
Your turn he chided Leonard. 
A far off sound made its way over the soggy landscape. 
What was that? He asked. Leonard shrugged his shoulders, 
his concentration on another frog. Impaling the amphibian he dropped it in the sack slung over his chest. 
Aaaaahhhhhoooooooooo!!
The boys' heads snapped up listening.
A twig snapped in the distance. 
A log rolled down the embankment.
Scrambling up the slippery bank was a lot harder than going down , Andrew thought as he grabbed a tree root for purchase. 
Aaaaaaaaaooooooooooo….
The sound was distinctly closer.
Rougarou. The thought skittered across his mind as Leonards face took on the color of a ghost.
His gaze fixed on something his cousin couldn't see … yet. 
Clambering up the remaining two feet to the top of the bank, andrews gaze snapped around to see why the older boy was transfixed to the forest floor.
What he saw curdled his blood.
Run!! He grabbed Leonards upper arm pulling him towards the path back to the pirogue.
Leonard couldn't move. His feet wouldn't budge. His eyes were wide , shiny with pure dread. 
A black figure was crashing through the underbrush straight for the kids.
Long matted hair covered its large frame, absurdly long arms reached below its knees swinging back and forth, propelling it ever closer.
RUN!!! Andrew screamed in Leonards white face, finally able to disengage him from the spot .
Running at full speed, they were no match for the beast. 
They had both heard tales of the Rougarou, a mystical creature that lived in the swamps. It was a child eater and if you saw it, you would turn into the creature and prey on humans. It was the stuff of nightmares.  they  never even in their dreams thought it would be chasing them.
Yellow eyes and long fangs protruded from its ghastly face as it closed the gap between it and its prey.
A break in the trees showed the rays of sun on water. 
Sliding down the bank to their escape the boys hurtled towards the boat. Grabbing the paddle , leonard pushed away just in time to watch the monster throw its head back and let out an ungodly howl. Its rancid breath projecting out over the 10 foot distance made andrew gag. 
Paddling furiously they reached the opposite side and hastily dragged the boat out of the water , all thoughts of a stew long forgotten.
They ran the rest of the way home.
Nobody believed their story when they arrived back at the house.
Except euphemie. 




           Chapter 10


Leaving was always bittersweet when any of the family got together.
Goodbyes were long in every cajun family. First you notified the host.
Whelp, I guess it's time we get home.
Twenty minutes later, and a whole other story about whoever, the guest makes their way to the porch
 
Talking another ten minutes about the next time you will be around to visit, and sealing those plans with a goodbye hug and kisses on the cheek of every man, woman and child present.
Finally walking to your mode of transportation with your host following on your heel, chatting the entire time, you pause again remembering another point you forgot to make while inside or on the porch. 
Finally another round of hugs, handshakes and kisses, the visitors finally get in their wagon, or on their horses and leave, waving behind them the entire way to the main road or around the bend.
The entire host family stands together, dutifully waving and blowing kisses until their guests disappear.
Such was the goodbye at leo and estelles place the morning the Trahans headed back home.
The children were quiet, each with their own thoughts as they sat n the back of their wagon. 
As promised, Leo was behind them in his own wagon, leonard seated beside his father.
Estelle had pitched a fit when leo gave his oldest permission to ride along. 
I could use the company, he soothed his wife's concerns with a kiss on her forehead.
Something wasnt adding up and estelle didnt like it.
Leo had taken his hunting rifle .
It made Estelle nervous and she wrung her hands on her apron. 
Turning back from the yard she made her way inside.
Lord keep them safe she prayed.
Momma!!  Their youngest baby 2 year old amanda cried from her crib.
Pushing aside the nagging feeling, Estelle prepared herself for the distinct possibility of being by herself with 5 children for God knew how long.


As the wagons rattled ever closer to home, the feeling of dread sunk over the children and their parents.
What would they find when they arrived? 
A few more miles…
 off old hwy 90, they turned towards kaplan.
Who wants a drink? Yelled uncle Leo.
Me! Me! 
A soda was a rare treat for any of the poor families, at 10 cents a piece, it added up fast for a large brood. 
Approaching colliers general, and relieved to stretch their legs, the children scooted to the edge and jumped down.
Leo and Leonard were already inside and seated at the long soda fountain counter. A large mirror reflected dozens of bottles lined up along the wall. Flavor after flavor of any kind of soda you could imagine .
The children climbed on the plastic stools and stared wide eyed at the selection


What can I get for you? Nate collier asked amicably, reaching for Andre's hand to shake it. This is leo, my brother in law he spoke in broken English
 The big man shook nates hand vigorously
We'll have whatever these here children would like, he gestured to the eager faces staring in awe at all the colorful bottled flavors.  
Euphie spoke up, i want a root beer float! 
Me too! Chorused Maudry, Raymond and Andrew.
Me me!!! Piped up Audrey who was sitting on euphies lap.
Root beer floats all around, leo beamed at the angelic faces of his nieces and nephews.
Whoever had brought sorrow and fear to his family was going to pay.
Andre shot him a sideways glance as if hearing him speak out loud. 
The two men turned their attention to the children  slurping their floats noisily and silently made a pact to protect them no matter the cost.
Emithilde shuddered at the look in her husband's eyes. 
She almost felt sorry for Badaus.
Almost.


Across the street in the sheriff s office, constable Samuel Prejean stared out the window. The coffee on his desk had grown ice cold hours ago. His secretary, Ann had poked her head in several times in the past couple hours to ask if he wanted a fresh one. He had waved her away, deep in his own thoughts.
A picture was taped to the bulletin board hung next to his desk. Flyers for the next fair, town meeting and church bake sale to benefit the women's league were tacked up, overlapping each other. 
The round face stared at him. Red freckles dotted the upturned nose, a shock of dark hair poked up in every direction.  A mischievous grin played at the corner of the child's lips.


Albert Hamlin had disappeared almost 6 months ago. Tomorrow.
His face reproached constable Prejean every day. He haunted his sleep.
Why can't you find me? His eyes pierced Samuel's brain. Never letting up. 
Sam had searched every square mile for weeks with no sign of little albert. 
The best dogs from anyone willing to lend them had found no trace of the child's scent. 
Alberts mother blamed him, giving him a steely glare any time he saw her in town. The few times he had tried to speak to her, she only turned her head and ignored him. 
He couldn't blame her. She had suffered what no mother should .
Placing his head in his hands, he begged for forgiveness.


 Chapter 11


Arriving back at their home later that afternoon proved to be uneventful, which made it seem almost normal. 
The chores had been neglected, so all the Trahans threw themselves into the familiar routine 
Betsy looked reproachfully at euphemie as she entered the barn to start milking her. Clanking the milk pail against her bare leg, she sat on the milking stool and started to give the poor cow some relief.
The bucket filled quickly, so she took it inside to allow the cream to rise to the top. Once that happened ( usually a couple days) , her mother used a wide spoon to skim the cream from the top. The cream was then transferred to a churn along with a pinch of salt. 
An old butter churn sat on the porch, used countless times to churn up sweet homemade butter. 
The process usually took several hours and whoever did that particular chore had sore arms for days. 


Daddy and uncle Leo were sitting at the table, heads close together.
What are you cooking up? Mommas sharp eyes and ears missed nothing. She was stirring a pot of red beans and deer sausage. The smell was heavenly. 
Cornbread was in the oven and a big pot of rice boiled next to the beans. 
The staple meal went a long way to feed their growing family. It was cheap and filled their stomachs, especially in the winter. 
She had overheard her parents talking when she was younger about how many children they wanted 
a houseful. 
The memory made the  11 year old girl giggle.  
She wanted a big family too, and prayed the good Lord saw fit to allow that to happen. 
Supper! Her mamma went out to the porch and yelled at the children who were still outside playing. Wash up before you come in, she reminded them.
The sun was setting on another night and her father had grown increasingly fidgety.
Uncle Leo was pensive at the table, which was very unusual for him.
He was always so cheery. Cracking jokes and telling stories of when he and Emithilde were young children right after the turn of the century. He remembered when the titanic sank. As far as euphemie was concerned that was the best story he told. She couldn't imagine what those poor souls had endured, the huge ship breaking in two and slowly going down into the freezing ocean.  He had saved the newspaper clippings and read them whenever his nieces and nephews asked.
After supper, the two men and leonard went onto the front porch.
Their low voices drifted into the open windows. Euphemie strained to hear, but their conversation was muffled.
All she could make out were a few words.
"Later" and "  before daybreak" was all she could understand .
They were planning something and the intrigue of a clandestine adventure got the best of her.
Daddy? She poked her head out the door? What are you gonna do? 
Never you mind girl. 
Now go back inside and help your momma. His tone warned her it was pointless to argue. Rats. 
Euphie hatched a plan. 


As Emithilde sat in the big rocking chair nursing the baby and humming a lullaby , two men and a young boy saddled mules and took off down the long road to Badauses house.
It was just past midnight and all the kids were asleep except euphemie Trahan.
Her young adventurous spirit wouldn't let her eyes close, and she had snuck out the window to the barn.
Hi Ginger, she scratched the mares forelock
Ready for some fun? She whispered, leading the horse to the end of the drive before climbing up and taking off after her father and uncle. 
The bright moonlight guided her further on, her stomach beginning to flutter with anticipation and an edge of fear. 
She couldn't hear the mule's hooves ahead of her, but she knew they were going to the crazy man's house to confront him. 
Pulling ginger down to a slower gait, and crossing the creek, she could hear low voices up ahead.
Crap. She sat stock still on her horse, hoping the mare wouldn't whinny and give her away. 
Her father would whip her for sure.
Cutting through the woods and going the back way around the edge of badauses property, she hoped to hear what was going to happen. 
Another few yards…
A lantern glow appeared in the window
Tying Ginger to a tree branch, she crept closer to the back of the rundown shack.
Andre , leo and Leonard huddled at the end of the overgrown entrance to the property of the evil man who lived just yards away.
Readying their weapons, the trio walked purposefully towards the shack.
A lantern glowed in the window.




Sheriff Samuel Prejean lay wide awake staring at the ceiling.
His wife of 20 years snored softly, her warm back pressed against his arm. 
Crickets chirped outside the open window, the grandfather clock his parents had given them as a wedding gift struck the hour. 11pm.
He had been tossing and turning for hours, trying to get the nagging feeling out of his brain. 
It was no use.
Slipping quietly off the bed, he reached for his trousers and a loose shirt 
His service weapon was holstered in the belt that hung over the back of the dressing chair.
Reaching for it, he headed to the kitchen for a glass of water. 
I have to go.
What if Mr collier was right?
The conversation they had engaged in earlier that afternoon had set Sam on edge. 
Nate collier swore he had overheard Leo Harrington and Mr Trahan discussing Badause. 
Any talk about the hermit had to be taken seriously. 
He and his wife had been in their share of run-ins with the town folk, scaring the children for fun and following some of them home.
So he had no choice….
Shit, he cursed under his breath and headed for the barn, latching the door behind him.
Saddling Como, his police horse, he headed east. 


  Chapter 12


Approaching the house, Andre began pounding on the door.
Cmon out here, you coward! He spoke in clipped tones.
Leo readied his shotgun, Leonard stood nervously behind his father.
Who signed me up for this? The thought shot through his head. I should have stayed home, the younger man thought. 
Andre beat on the door again
This time shuffling sounds  from the back of the shack came closer. 
A  double barrel shotgun poked its steely head out from behind a curtain.
What the hell do you want? Demanded a gravelly dry voice.


The sound made euphemie cringe.
The monster was only a few yards from where she crouched behind a night jasmine bush.
Drop that gun now! Demanded her uncle. 
We want to talk to you about what happened the other night.
Get off my property!  demanded Badauses wife who had poked her skinny face around her husband's shoulder.
We don't want no trouble with you Trahan, the words had barely escaped his lips 
Boom! A shot whizzed past Andres ear.
You son of a bitch!
He rushed the door.
Another shot from behind leonard made them all hit the ground.
What the HELL is going on here
? Demanded Sam Prejean.
Every body drop them guns NOW!  He pointed his revolver at Badause and Maddie.
Get out NOW! And hold them hands up where I can see them.
Slinking out the door they obeyed, slowly crumpling to the ground. Defeat in their eyes. 
Euphie took the opportunity to come from behind the bush.
Daddy! 
Andres eyes were livid with disbelief.
My god girl! What are you doing?
Daddy, I just wanted to help, her brown eyes pleading with him.
Grabbing her up, he placed her on the mule.
You stay here. His stern tone told her she was gonna get a whoopin anyway. 


Help! Help me please! A far off voice ,muffled,  drifted to the group


Maddies green eyes went wide.
The three men rushed into the house and followed the sound.
The root cellar.
Kicking in the thin door, they quickly descended.
A tiny, frail frame sat crouched behind a barrel of flour.
A chain led to his feet from a steel spike driven in the dirt floor. 
His dirty face was streaked from tears, hair matted and covered in dust. 
I want momma, his frail voice pleaded.
Sam picked up the little boy and wrapped him in the big coat he had on. 
Shhh...he crooned to the child. 
Cradling him against his chest, tears of relief and gratitude blurring his vision, he brought Albert Hamlin up to the first fresh air he had breathed in 6 months.


Euphemie's eyes couldn't believe what they were seeing.
Albert! She scrambled from the mule and barreled to where her father and uncle  were examining the little boy.
He seems ok., just needs to see doc Thib in the morning
 Lets get this boy home to his momma. 
While the sheriff dragged the two suspects into town and booked them into the jail, Andre , Leo, Leonard and Euphie took Albert home.
When mrs Hamlin answered the door, she fainted.




  Chapter 13




After the excitement of the past few weeks, it was a relief to get back into a routine.
Life continued uneventfully for a good period of time.
Emithilde became pregnant again  and delivered a beautiful dark haired little girl named Rosella. On the way home from fetching the midwife, euphemie asked Mrs Daley what they should name the baby. If its a girl, name her Rosella, replied the old woman. Euphemie loved it! 
Rose's appearance was normal and uneventful, and she was a beautiful child. 
Seven lively children kept the young parents busy, so euphemie had quit school to help them. 
 Helping other women who had just given birth was something the young girl had always dreamed of doing.
So when a neighbor's wife gave birth a few weeks later, she begged her parents to go stay with them and help out.
The family she worked for were well off, and the extra money euphemie brought home helped tremendously.
She loved to cook, clean and scrub laundry on the wash board, humming to herself .
The evenings were lonely though, and that's when she missed her family the most


The constant noise and activity of 9 people was something she loved with all her heart.
The people she worked for were always kind, treating her like a member of the family. 
On several occasions, she would be allowed to hold and rock the infants while their exhausted mothers took a well deserved nap.
It was her favorite part of the job.
Looking back as she grew older and dreamed of starting a family of her own, this period of her childhood cemented her love for all children.
The little ones loved Timi, as they called her, unable to pronounce Euphemie.
But the quiet period was not to last long. 
As the saying goes, there's a season for everything.
One particular day, Emithilde was awakened by a small hand rubbing her arm.
Momma? Whispered Audrey, who was now 8. 
Momma? I don't feel good.
Her fingers were very warm.
Sitting upright, her mother leaned over and felt the child's forehead.
It was scorching hot.
Bolting out of bed, she scooped Audrey up in her arms and brought her into the kitchen. 
The child's eyes were glassy and her cheeks spotted and red. 
The first thought in Emithildes mind was " scarlet fever".
Several of their neighbors had contracted the deadly disease.
Rushing out to the back yard, she gathered a few dandelions to make some tea.
Drawing a pail of cold water from the well, she ran back to the kitchen. 
Steeping the herbs in hot water and adding a few drops of honey to a tiny cup, she turned to Audrey.
The child was slumped in the chair, her head at an odd angle.
Andre!! The panicked woman screamed. Which woke up the whole family.
Emerging in his nightshirt, Andre lifted his daughter from the chair and laid her on the big bed.
Her eyes fluttered.
Daddy ?
I hurt daddy.
A lump formed in his throat.
I'm gonna get doc Thib.
Rushing out the door, Emithilde soon heard the horses hooves disappearing in the distance.
All the children stood soberly at the foot of the bed.
Is sister gonna be ok? Raymond asked. He had gotten taller over the summer, and now had passed up Maudry.
Her face was beginning to crumple, so her brother put his arm around her.
She is gonna be just fine. Euphemie piped up from the doorway, reassuring her siblings. 
Lets go outside for a while.
We don't need to catch whatever she has.
The kids filed out one by one.
Their mom placed one cold rag after another one the little girl's forehead.
She was getting worse 
When the Dr finally arrived, his face told the worried parents that their biggest fear was coming true.
Its scarlet fever, he said somberly.
Opening his bag, he reached for a syringe of medicine.
This here as what we call a 
Kill or cure , he held up the needle. 
A shudder ran down Andre's back.
Did you say KILL OR CURE? 
He asked incredulously.
His suntanned  face turned beet red.
Are you crazy? 
Calm down andre, doc Thib said in his best dr voice.
Shes very sick. Her fever is out of control and if we don't get it down…..
He didn't finish his sentence.
Emithilde glanced at her husband.
Go ahead, doc.
The old physician plunged the needle into the unconscious child's arm.
The days passed slowly. 
Audrey slept fitfully, her fever going down and then spiking again. 
Never leaving her bedside, her mother only left to get another bowl of cold water.
Dozing off periodically, she was in the middle of a very strange dream . An angel had come for her child.
Please, she begged the white entity, its wings enveloping her daughter
Don't take my baby.
The angel's eyes were the bluest blue she had ever seen.
Its voice like a gurgling brook winding its way through the woods.
Im here to help her, it said in a whisper.
Dragging herself out of the dream, away from the beautiful image
A voice was speaking.
Momma?
Fully awake now, her head jerked up.
The small child was sitting up , looking puzzled. What happened?
Her brown eyes were clear , her skin full of color .
Scooping up the child, she hugged her and cried.
Thank you Lord she whispered silently. 


              Chapter 14


As the Germans marched across europe, capturing more territory and killing countless innocent people, the small town of kaplan continued to grow.
Another baby was born to Emithilde and Andre. Roland , the 8th child made his appearance so quickly, mrs Daley arrived over an hour after he was born. He laid on his momma, the umbilical cord still attached, oxygen levels depleted. The poor child was never quite right. It was believed he had some degree of brain damage. 
Around this time, the family moved to Cow island Louisiana. 
Further west, it was rumored to have a better economy.
Although much of their friends and families had discussed moving to Texas.
Gas and oil was the future, as the country moved inevitably closer to war, huge refineries were being built in a town called Port Arthur. 
Some of their cousins had already made the move .
Letters they received raved about the money to be made, and the nice homes for rent. They were making upwards of 4 dollars a day, which was a lot of money in 1940.
Andre still wasnt ready to make that move, so they continued to farm cotton.
Andrew was 19, and had his eyes on a beautiful girl. Her name was Wrelsey.
They had met at the dance in town, and like his parents, were inseparable. They were soon wedded at the Catholic church, all their family in attendance. They bought a small 2 bedroom house and settled in.


Not long after that they welcomed a son and then a daughter.
Emithilde was thrilled to become a grandmother, although in1942 and 1945, she and andre had their last two children.
Martha Ann and the baby, Luther.
So from 1921 to 1945, the family had 10 beautiful kids.
As the older children began to spread their wings, Maudry had a brilliant idea.
One night at dinner, she broke the news to her parents.
I'm going to texas.
Emithildes eyes grew wide.
Andre nearly spit out his coffee.
What ??? His eyes were beginning to get wrinkles around them and gray was showing at his temples.
Her mother paused before she spoke.
What makes you want to go to Texas?
Maudry straightened in her seat.
Well. My friend Kathy moved over there, and she already has a job momma.
You're only 17, her father reminded her. 
 
I know that daddy, but we can't stay here forever. This town has nothing to offer.
Her parents knew she had a point.
Euphemie was listening intently, planning to ask her sister if she could go along. 
She was right. 
At 19, euphemie hadn't been able to find decent employment
And there weren't any marriage prospects either.
The war had started in earnest and 
All the young men were being drafted.
The only one who wrote to her was a boy named Alan Bertrand.
He was stationed in France and he really liked her. 
But her heart just wasn't smitten with Allan. He had very red hair and freckles, and she didnt find him very handsome. Although he had already proposed, she kept putting him off. Her heart just wasn't in it. 
Maudry was still talking her parents into letting her move, her voice becoming louder.
She was determined.
Euphie wandered out onto the porch, sitting in the swing and staring west.
What was Texas like? She wondered. 
Maudry bounded out the door, jumping up and down excitedly.
Daddy said yes!  She beamed at her older sister. 
Oh I can't WAIT to get out of this god forsaken town she spun around , making her cotton skirt fluff out.
You're coming with me! She took her older sister's hands in hers, pulling her from the swing.
I don't know, the other girl looked down at the porch. 
Mama needs me. 
Don't be silly, youre 19 years old, and you need a husband. You don't wanna be an old maid? Do you? She teased euphemie.
No, her eyes shot Maudry a warning.
If a young girl wasnt married or at least engaged by 20, they were considered an old Maid. Society saw them as useless and unwanted. 
Euphemie thought that was stupid.
But here she was, 19 and no real prospects. 
Whats in texas? She asked Maudry.
Jobs and MEN she exclaimed excitedly.


   We'll have to ride into town tomorrow and look at the bus schedule, Maudry was already planning.
She must have been thinking about this for a while, the older girl had a sneaky suspicion there was a LOT more to the story than she had told their parents.
They next day, both girls hitched the wagon and drove to lacassine where the nearest bus terminal was located.
Raymond begged to go. Please??? 
Ill be good, I promise. He had grown into a handsome young man, adventurous with an impish grin.
He was fascinated by the conversation over dinner the night before.
Texas.
Everyone rode a horse and wore a wide brimmed cowboy hat, so they stories went.
All the roads were just cattle trails, and there was an indian on every corner.
He would go one day too.
Approaching the bus terminal, euphemie halted the wagon. 
Entering the building, they were greeted by a tiny man in horn rim glasses.
May I help you? He squealed? 
He looks like a mouse, thought Maudry.
She approached the counter smiling widely.
Um, yes sir. Could you tell us when the next bus to Port Arthur leaves?
He pointed his mousey nose into his ledger.
Thursday at 2pm, he squueked out, wiggling his nose and pushing his glasses up 
I would like to buy a ticket .
Euphemie and Raymond whipped their heads around and stared in disbelief at their sister .
Reaching into her dress pocket she pulled out some money. How much please? 
        
            Chapter 15.




Where did you get all that money? Maudrys siblings peppered her with questions all the way home.
I saved it, she answered loftily.
Saved it? From where? You don't have a job,  Euphie almost laughed herself off the seat.
Cmon maud. Don't lie to us.
Looking surreptitiously around at the empty fields and road as if they were being followed, she whispered..
My boyfriend sent it to me.
Boyfriend? Giggled her brother.
Maudry has a boyfriend, Maudry has a boyfriend!  He howled, slapping his knee.
Shut up, she punched him in the stomach.
Euphie couldn't believe her ears 
Wait till momma and daddy find out, the thought made her wince.
Now I HAVE to go, she made her mind up right there. 
Texas here we come, a wave of excitement and trepidation settled in her stomach. 
A week later both young women boarded the bus with all their belongings in a shared suitcase.
Maudry had a job lined up at the Texas company store, and was certain she could get her sister on as well. 
They catered to the employees of Texaco, a huge refinery situated on the intracoastal waterway.
They would be renting from a boarding house. Her boyfriend, Joe Grafagnino, had already made the arrangements and paid the first month's rent. 
They had both promised to send money home to their parents, which took the sting out of them leaving.
Every little bit helped.
The younger kids didnt really understand, and clung to their older sisters. Audrey was distraught.
I wanna go!!! She stomped her feet and cried. 
At 13, it was a lot to take in, so euphemie promised to visit as often as she could. She hugged her little sister fiercely. Kissing Rose, Alex, and Roland, she turned to her momma and daddy.
Tears stung her eyes as Emithilde wiped her own eyes on her apron.
Andre stood stoically, trying to speak around the lump in his own throat.
Hugging her parents fiercely and giving them each a kiss on the cheek, she joined her sister on the wagon. Raymond drove them to town.
Bringing herself from her thoughts, she realized they were climbing upward.
Straining her neck to see out the window of the huge bus, her stomach lept into her throat.
Wake up! She poked her sister's ribs.
What??? 
Look!
The bus was climbing the tallest bridge she had ever seen.
Basically the only bridge besides the ones crossing the creek back home.
It went up at a very steep angle. We're gonna fall backwards.
And into that river.
Closing her eyes tightly, she dug her nails into Maudrys arm.
Open your eyes, scaredy cat, maud chided.
Opening them slowly she realized they were back on solid ground.
Looking curiously around, there were no horses and buggies. Only cars and pedestrians. Smoke stacks dotted the skyline spewing billows of steam into the afternoon sky. 
The street sign said " Gulfway drive"
A sense of excitement filled the 19 year old girl.
I'm home…….
A complete peace enveloped Euphie Trahan as she gazed out the window into her future. 




       The Gaspard Family.


               Chapter 15
Just a few miles from kaplan Louisiana, lies the small town of abbeville. Its name derived from the French word for father or priest Abba. Ville meaning town. 
Settled in the early 1800's by canadian French settlers from nova Scotia, who had been migrating there since 1765. Before the revolutionary war, when trappers and fur traders were the only ones brave enough to face the natives. The cajuns came from scotland to seek a better life, the hardy scots received word the land was rich and available for the taking.
Traveling thousands of miles they built plantations and planted sugar cane from small sprouts. 
Originally harvested by slaves until emancipation, every square mile of the delta grew the lucrative crop. . Sugar cane. Tall plants cut down with a machete, loaded on wagons drawn by mules. Later, tracks were laid across the fields with small rail cars operated by a see saw like contraption. It was easy for small children to use, which made it perfect for a large family. 


Savagnei Gaspard was born in abbeville in 1876. His wife , Alice Duplantis was born in 1880.
Their parents had migrated from Scotland, to Nova Scotia and to Louisiana also.
Stopping in sugar cane country, they made their living cutting the long stalks.
Their children were born into the same working conditions as all the poor settlers after the civil war.
They had 6 children. The oldest son, Clerphe, followed in his fathers footsteps, harvesting sugar cane from sunup to sundown.
 He met his wife Maggie Hayden in 1919.
She was a beautiful girl, and he was immediately smitten. 
Beginning a courtship wasn't easy in the early 20th century. You had to get the blessing from the entire family. Her older sisters kept a stern eye on Clerphe. He was a handsome, strapping young man, and he made them all giggle. 
One particular night, as the young lovers sat on the porch drinking lemonade, all of Maggie's siblings thought it was a grand idea to converge on them, chatting rapidly in french.
Can you let us have some privacy? She shot an exasperated look at them. Rolling their eyes, they returned to the house. Clerphe reached for her hand. Holding hands was frowned upon before becoming engaged unless your chaperone was sitting next to the couple.
As the days progressed, they planned the wedding. Most  poor couples just jumped a broom and saved a lot of trouble and money. A preacher or pastor officiated. When he asked if they promised each other to love and cherish forever, they held hands and jumped over a broom lying on the ground. 
One sunny spring day, the young couple did exactly that. 
After the ceremony, everyone took their horses and wagons to the Hayden's house. 
Maggies mother  cooked up a huge meal. Smoked ham, green beans, turnip, blackey peas, cornbread and ice tea.
It was a fine spread, and soon after, clerphe took out his prized possession.
An accordion he had learned to play as a young boy.
The festivities lasted well into the night, cajun music and laughter drifting into the surrounding fields.
A small house not far away from their parents homes became the Gaspard homestead. 
It, like the rest of farm homes, was surrounded by cane fields. They stretched as far as the eye could see, broken up only by an occasional live oak tree.
The old house wasnt much, but clerphe was determined to make it a home for his new bride.
I LOVE it! Exclaimed maggie entering the large kitchen. Spinning around in circles, she absorbed every detail.
The home was furnished except for bedding, which her father was bringing later. A big table was the center of the kitchen, the obligatory wood burning stove stood  by an open window. She could picture herself cooking supper, watching their children playing just outside.
Walking around to the back, she spotted a rickety outhouse. Her new husband would have to fix that. She didn't want it falling on any of them while they used it during the night.
Two large bedrooms faced the back yard, the woods encroaching a little too close for her liking, but she brushed the thought away.
The floor boards had quite a bit of space between them, and she could see the dirt under the house.
In the summertime, it would be quite breezy, but she would have to get extra blankets for the winter months.
Returning to her kitchen, the young bride began arranging things the way she wanted, clerphe putting his arms around her and kissing her neck. 
A warm feeling spread through the young woman, and she turned her face kissing him full on the mouth.
I love you, she whispered into his lips.


Anybody home? 
Their new neighbor and his young family stomped up on the porch.
James and Cathy Robicheaux were a bit older than the Gaspards.
They already had 3 children with another due any day.
Welcome to the neighborhood! James extended his big hand .
Thank you, clerphe shook it vigorously. 
Maggie! Make some coffee. 
Ill help, cathy offered, handing the new bride a plate covered with a white linen napkin
We made you some cookies. The kids helped. Three beaming faces grinned proudly at maggie.
Thank you so much
These look absolutely delicious, placing the plate on the table and ushering her guests to a chair. 
Neighborhood was a loose term in the country. The nearest house could be as far as a mile or two away. 
We live a couple miles down that way, james nodded towards the east. A bit closer to town, he explained around a bite of fragrant sugar cookie. 
Do you work in the fields? 
No, he replied to clerphe. 
I work at the cane mill itself. 
The sugar mill was only a  mile from the fields where Clerphe and his family would be working. It was going to be hard work. 
Later that night as they laid on their big feather bed, her father had managed to bring in  before dark, they sent up a prayer to the good Lord and fell fast asleep.


        Chapter 16.


Daddy! Little Lonie ran to meet his father along the dusty road leading to the main parish thorofare to abbeville.
His little sister wilda toddled behind him.
They were barely a year apart, and maggie was expecting again. 
She was thrilled to have begun their family so easily. Her face glowed up at her husband as his muscular frame filled the doorway. 
Clerphe scooped up both children and held them close.
You're so big, he teased Lonie.
I know he smiled impishly.
I'm about to be 3! The little boy gave his father a kiss and scrambled to the ground. 
The winter chill was begging to come inside, so he threw another log on the roaring fire maggie had built earlier.
Shrugging off his coat, and sitting at the table, they began sharing their day.
Scooping a huge ladle of homemade chicken and dumplings on his plate, and giving the little ones a few tablespoons in their bowls, the young family settled in for the evening.
I ran into Mr Matt today.
Her eyes were curious.
What did he say? 
He wants to pay me extra to work at the mill.
Just a couple hours in the evening after I finish up around here. 
How much? She asked excitedly.
25 cents extra a day he beamed.
Clapping her hands , she jumped from her chair, giving him a kiss.
Things are looking up, she thought happily. 
As if on cue, the baby kicked.
The next morning it dawned cold and clear.
A sweat broke out on Maggie's forehead as a searing pain punched her in the back.
It was early and clerphe had already left for work. 
The lingering smell of his morning coffee reached her nostrils, sending a wave of nausea into her mouth.
Please tell me I'm not having this child right now, the thought crashed into her mind. 
Bon duh, she swore softly. 
The nearest midwife was 5 miles away. 
Panic began to set in. 
Waking up the two children, maggie went out to hitch up the one remaining mule to the wagon
 Clerphe had taken the other one out to the field. 
Her only hope was to find him and send him to fetch mrs. Boudwine .
Another pain doubled her over, making her dizzy. 
Sitting the babies on the wagon bench, she climbed up and headed to the field.
The bumpy ruts from countless other wagons made the ride torture, and she felt a trickle of water on her leg.
Oh Lord no.
Rounding a curve, she spotted clerphe with a scythe in hand, chopping at the tall cane.
Clerphe!!! She pulled on the reins, halting a few feet from his stunned figure.
Get the midwife! Hurry up, turning back to the house before he had time to answer her.
Startled, he dropped the scythe and jumped on the animal, tearing through the fields.
Lonie was crying. Momma? Are you ok? 
Getting both babies back into the house, maggie almost crawled to her bed.
Out of breath and trying to keep the children calm, she prayed
Mrs Boudwine was startled to see Mr gaspard.
She had just checked on maggie a few days ago. She wasnt due for at least a couple weeks.
But she wasted no time when she saw his wide eyed and frightened look.
Let's go, she grabbed her bag .
Arriving back at the house, they made their way to Maggie.
A look of complete shock crossed both their faces .
A perfect dark haired baby boy lay on her chest.
She smiled at her husband. 
You have another son. 
What's his name? Clerphe approached the bed and touched the baby's soft cheek.
Elwood Paul.
Thats a fine name beamed Mrs Boudwine.
You did good, Maggie.
Lonie and little Wilda took turns holding their baby brother.
             Chapter 18


The year was 1925, and another little one was due any time. 
Times were getting harder as the depression reached the cane crops. 
Prices continued to drop and the banks were foreclosing on farms across the country. Their neighbors had lost theirs a couple months ago and had moved. Clerphe had no idea where they had gone. It was a bad time for everyone. 
People were being laid off at the mill, too, and clerphe was on edge.
If all they had to count on was the sugar cane stalks, they were in deep. He had no help harvesting, the kids were all too small.
Families depended on their children to do strenuous work, thus why most people had 10, 12 or even 15 kids
The more hands, the more profit.
Bringing himself out of reverie, he continued slicing the cane, loading it in the wagon. 
The smell of syrup wafted on the breeze.
Later that summer they welcomed their 4th child.
Joseph Roy.
His momma loved her little Roy.
He clung to her skirts, and as he got older, helped her in the kitchen.
He didn't mind helping his mother.
It was fascinating watching her knead bread and make roux.
His only sister , wilda took no interest in cooking or cleaning
 She loved to look in her mothers mirror and sing.
She told everyone one day she would be a famous star.
Roy giggled at the thought.
If he could just be rich enough to buy anything but mudbugs and deer meat, that would be fine with him.
His oldest brother Lonie swore he would NEVER eat crawfish again as long as he lived.
Many times its all they had. Daddy sent them out many times with a scoop net and bucket. Making their way to the muddy field after a soaking rain, they drudged through the tall grass, ankle deep in water and black mud. Lonie and Elwood dragged the net through the mud while Roy held the bucket and tried to keep up with his older brothers.
Wait for me! He yelled after them, trying to make out where they had gone. His 4 year old legs were tired from pulling his feet from the sucking mud countless times.
Sacre blu he cursed. If daddy had heard that one it was a mouth washing with lye soap. 
Spotting his brothers he tried to run, falling face first .
His ankle hurt like heck as he tried to hobble the rest of the way.
Lets fill this bucket and get home before dark , elwoods brown eyes looked nervously around, watching shadows creeping closer to the trio .
Stop being a baby, Lonie admonished. We have to get enough for supper. 
Finally . thought Roy. He could barely walk on his foot. 
Aaaaaaaroooooooo!!! A howl pierced the dusky night air.
The boys stopped dead in their tracks. They were still at least half a mile from home. Again the howl sounded. Closer this time. Too close. Dammit, Lonie cursed himself for not bringing daddy's shotgun.
Let's go! The older two boys took off at a run, leaving Roy behind. 
Hey! Where ya going? Don't leave me here! He screamed at his brothers.
But they were already disappearing around a grove of trees.
The young boy limped as fast as he could, a distinct rustling approaching from his right.
A low growl emitted from the tall grass. Wolf. 
He had no choice but to run. His ankle searing pain with every step, he took off toward the house.
Another howl, this one farther away? He prayed as he heard his father yelling his name. Roy! Where are you boy? 
A dim light appeared a few yards away
 Daddy! The little boy jumped into his father's arms.
Get down and run, his dad commanded as he raised his gun and shot into the grass right where the child had stood only a minute before.
That night at supper, roy told his mother that his brothers had left him to be eaten by the big bad wolf. 
They all laughed. It's NOT funny!  Roy turned red and finished the nasty mudbugs.
The following day Maggie stood at the wood stove, stirring the leftover crawfish tails into a stew.  
A sound came from behind the house.
You stay here, she commanded the children. 
Going around back, she spotted a stranger digging around in her garden
 Hey! What are you doing? 
Scuse me, Missus. 
I'm really hungry, and I see you have some good looking vegetables here.
The young woman hesitated for just a moment.
You can have a carrot or two, then you get on your way. My husband will be here any minute. 
Thank you ma'am, he began pulling up carrots, eating them,  dirt and all.
Are you thirsty? You can help yourself to some water, she offered before she thought better of it.
She knew what it felt like to be hungry.
Turning her attention back to the house, she saw her four    children standing on the porch staring wide eyed at the man eating dirty carrots. Wilda held her nose.  
Is that a hobo? Wilda queried.
Oooohh , he's dirty. Her nose crinkled in disgust. 
Roy grabbed elwoods hand. 
Although they were poor, it never occurred to them that there might be other folks worse off than they were


When they turned their attention to the garden, the poor soul was gone.
A lonely train whistle moaned in the distance.
The train lines were an easy mode of transportation for homeless men to travel the country. They would hop off at different towns, scrape up a sandwich or bottle of wine, and then jump on  the next train. Destination unknown. 
After that day, Maggie kept a shotgun near the back door. 
 
        Chapter 18


As the family grew,  the children helped with the harvesting of cane. Lonie, Elwood and Roy went with their father every day.
Roy and Elwood being smaller , operated the seesaw rail cars. 
They were lighter and therefore made it to the mill faster. Getting the sugar cane to the mill quickly was of utmost importance, as the sugary syrup would leak out and be wasted.
One day in particular they were poking around and playing more than working. Clerphe saw them lollygagging and goofing off, so he cut a cane and whooped them both.
Needless to say, that didn't happen again.
 At least not where their father could see them.


On the way back home, clerphe asked which one of the boys wanted to race horses for extra money.
I will!  Piped up Roy.
Her name is June. The old man told him the next day.
 She's fast but shes ornery. Nobody can get her to run for very long before they get thrown off.
His father watched from the end of the field. 
If you can beat this other horse, you get 2 dollars. 
Two dollars?. The 10.year olds eyes were bright and excited. 
I can beat anybody, he grinned.
Ok.
On your mark..
Get set..
GO! 
Weighing all of about 60 lbs the slight boy was made to be a jockey.
Leaning against the mare's neck, and patting her reassuringly, he spoke softly.
Her ears perked up 
June
June… he repeated over and over
At the mention of her name, the horse became a thoroughbred. She flew across the field in 15 seconds flat, leaving the other riders and their mounts in the dust… literally. 
After that particular day, roy became a regular at the races..
After all the figuring in his head, he probably made at least 50 dollars altogether.
He loved it. 


The best part was the pride on his daddy's face cheering for him at the finish line.
As time went on, the family grew, with the births of two more  girls.
Ora mae and alice fae.
It was a beautiful summer day. The kind you just wanted to last forever. The kids were out of school, so sleeping a little later was a treat. 
As the sun peeked through the open window, the kids began to stir.
Roy opened his eyes , sniffing for the familiar smell of strong black coffee.
Elwoods elbow smacked his face as he turned over. Hey! Cut it out! Wake up already, he pushed elwoods arm away, and hopped off the high bed.
Padding to the kitchen he noticed there wasn't a fire in the wooden stove. His momma always kept a low fire burning. No matter what. Something wasn't right when the coffee pot wasn't percolating on the burner.
Low voices drifted from the other room, but he couldn't understand the conversation. Tiptoeing down the hallway, he approached his parents bedroom.
His father was sitting on the edge of the bed, holding his mothers hand.
Her face was scrunched up in a grimace, and he realized she was crying.
Momma? He ventured a couple steps into the dimly lit room.
Hearing his bare feet on the wooden planks, his father slowly turned his head to meet his young sons curious eyes.
Daddy? What's going on? Is momma ok? 
Come here son. His daddy's voice was hoarse. Was he crying? A bolt of fear coursed through young Roy, his lips began to quiver. He had never seen his daddy cry. Not one single time.
As the young child neared the bed, his dad stood up, and he saw his mother.
She was holding a white towel with blood staining it.
A bloody towel? What in gods name was happening? His young mind couldn't comprehend what was going on.
Son, his momma whispered, tears streaming down her beautiful face.
She couldn't finish the sentence.
A tiny pale face with its little eyes closed appeared in the bloody towel as he got closer to the bed.
Even at such a young tender age, he knew immediately what had happened.
He hung his head and began to cry.


 
Roy could still hear his mothers heart wrenching sobs when the baby died. She held the child to her breast, sobbing and not wanting to let the child go. They buried her in the family cemetery next to her great grandparents.
It was weeks before Maggie could talk without crying. 
A pall hung over the house for months. 
As he grew up, he often wondered what she would have been like. It took a toll on them all for years to come
But the seasons changed, as they do every year,  and one in particular proved to be very brutal.
 The end of December was nearing and the family was looking forward to getting a new pair of shoes for Christmas. 
They stayed in bare feet all summer, but come winter they got new shoes.
A size too big.
One wintry night in particular was extremely cold. 
All 6 kids shared a bed. Lying close to one another so their bodies generated enough heat to stay warm.
It was so cold their breaths formed in front of their faces making a misty plume. 
Peeking out from behind his older sister's back, he could see through the boards of the house. The moonlight froze  its way into the drafty room.
Roy swore to himself one day he would leave this place and build himself a house with no holes in the floor and where you couldn't see the moon through the walls. 
He drifted to sleep sandwiched between wilda and Ora mae and dreamed of a hot bath and the hobo who had eaten dirty carrots.


Awakened by a sound from under the house, clerphe sat up in the big lumpy bed. A scratching noise .
Getting out of bed without disturbing Maggie and little Alice, he stomped purposefully on the boards, hoping to scare away whatever it was.
Lighting a lantern, he grabbed his coat and shotgun and wandered out into the frigid winter night.
A rustling of dead leaves a few feet away, he raised the light to encompass the area. 
Who's there? He barked with more courage than he felt.
More and more vagrants were showing up in town these days as the economy got worse. 
He needed to move his family someplace safer.
Maybe further west.
A shadow crossed the light's path, and he raised the shotgun and fired.
An animal howl pierced the night then silence. 
Moving towards the sound he reloaded some buckshot.
A few feet from the back door lay the biggest bobcat he had ever seen. 
Relief flooded the big man as he dragged the carcass to the house. 
The children weren't fond of eating a bobcat , so Maggie told them it was chicken. 
They forced down the chewy meal with some gratitude.
With little options for meat, they had grown sick of deer .
They couldn't afford to buy chickens to raise, and with the cane fields encroaching every inch of the property, there wasn't room for a henhouse. 
Their absolute favorite meal was cous cous.
Corn bread , milk and a spoon of steen's ® syrup. It was thick and almost black , closer to molasses than syrup.
The brand name of the staple on everyone's table after 1910 , the mill was right down the road. 
Ckerphe got a can every week from the mill as part of his pay. 
It replaced  sugar for many uses, including in coffee and tea. 
As he got ready for another back breaking day at work, a very pregnant maggie made his flapjacks and spread butter on them. Sitting across the table from her handsome husband she broached the subject again.
They had been over and over this for months, but had yet to make a decision. 
Ever since the hobo incident, she had begged clerphe to move from abbeville.
Their house was becoming more crowded, and honestly she had no idea where they were going to put another baby. 
His gaze softening , he looked up from the pandemonium that surrounded them. 
All 6 kids were chattering at the same time, the din filling the room. 
Yes, we need a bigger place, he agreed.
Mr matt said there is work on pecan island .
About 40 miles south of abbeville, Pecan island consisted of chenier ( two ridges of sandy land that had come together).
10 miles from the gulf of mexico, it was established in 1840 by a cattle rancher from Texas.
He was searching for better grazing land for his black angus herd, and the marshy grasslands were perfect.
He and his wife along with two young children walked , chopped and slugged their way to their destination
Taking a skiff part of the way, fighting off 15 foot alligators and mosquitoes as big as birds. 
Well, at least there aren't any hobos, Maggie giggled as clerphe finished the story. 
When do we leave? Lonie and Roy exclaimed excitedly. They had been eavesdropping from their seats at the table. Wilda began to cry. I won't have any friends there!  
You can make new ones, her mother assured her oldest daughter. Little Alice clung to her momma. She sensed a big change in her young future too. 
A week later the family packed what little belongings they had and began their new adventure.
Clerphe was relieved to be moving. The cane crops on the island were rumored to be better quality because the sea air made them grow taller and thicker, therefore containing more syrup.
The hunting was better there , with plentiful nutria, alligator and big bullfrogs. 
Trundling along in the heavy wagon, the two little ones up front with their mother,  he let Lonie steer the team.
Climbing back with the other children, clerphe dug out his old accordion and began to play.
The kids sang along with their daddy.






Jolie blonde, regardez donc quoi t'as fait,
Tu m'as quitte pour t'en aller,
Pour T'en aller avec un autre, oui, que moi,
Quel espoir et quel avenir, mais, moi, je vais avoir?


Jolie blonde, tu m'as laisse, moi tout seul,
Pour t'en aller chez ta famille.
Si t'aurais pas ecoute tos les conseils de les autres
tu serait ici-t-avec moi aujourd 'hui


Jolie blonde, tu croyais il y avait just toi,
Il y a pas just toi dans le pays pour moi aimer.
Je peux trouver just une autre jolie blonde,
Bon Dieu sait, moi, j'ai un tas.
In English
Pretty blond, look at what you've done,
You left me to go away,
to go away with another, yes, than me,
What hope and what future am I going to have?


Pretty blond, you've left me all alone
To go back to your family.
If you had not listened to all the advice of the others
You would be here with me today.


Pretty blond, you thought there was just you,
There is not just you in the land to love me.
I can find another pretty blond,
Good God knows, I have a lot.
® joel sonnier
 
             Chapter 19


The smell of sea salt filled the air. 
Humid and still.
The new baby had been born in Kaplan. There were no midwives on forked island or pecan island.
There were fewer than 300 permanent residents, but the future of the oil industry promised to make the sleepy town a prime destination for big drilling companies.
Clerphe had already spoken to one of the wildcatters who worked on the new rigs going in along the intracoastal waterway.
The narrow body of water ran from Galveston Texas all the way to Morgan city, Louisiana.
Many good paying jobs were being promised to the locals. Rumors from across the sabine river west into southeast Texas floated into southwest Louisiana, exciting the poor farmers with dreams of wealth.
Someday, Roy thought to himself, 
I'm going to Texas. 
Some of his friends had already made the move.
As sparse as letters were, on occasion he heard from Sis, his second cousin. She and her family had moved to la porte texas. Another oil boomtown.
They had even bought a model t ford.
Daddy was talking about buying a car too.
He sure hoped so. The kids had walked to and from school in all kinds of weather. Sleet, rain, heat, you name it. Only rich people had cars. 
No sooner had they settled into their new home and sickness struck.
The children all resembled chipmunks.
A terrible case of mumps had the Gaspard children in bed for two weeks. Their little faces were so swollen, all they could eat was chicken broth and soaked bread.  
Maggie was completely exhausted by the time everyone recovered. 




That spring Roy  quit school to help out around the house and to work with clerphe.
He spent more and more time making a plan to leave home and venture out on his own.
The family now had 7 children. 
Time passed quickly, and one summer they decided to go to the beach.
Momma packed some fresh bread and homemade preserves and they took off to see the great gulf of Mexico.
The air was pungent with the smell of fish and salt. 
The younger children clambered out of the wagon and raced to the water's edge. Daddy had brought a cane pole and shrimp bait caught in the canal that ran behind the house.
He caught reds, drum and flounder, which momma cleaned and fried in lard ( pork fat)
It was the most delicious meal Roy could remember eating, and cemented his love of the water and fishing.
It was a pastime that he , Elwood and Ora Mae would pursue many times over their adult years, camping and even buying the same kinds of boats.
Frequenting mcfaddin beach , lake Rayburn and many other camping sites, instilling in their children a love for the great outdoors and a sense of self reliance. 
Finishing off the last of the fried fish, Lonie, who was now 18 cleared his throat.
I met a girl. 
8 heads swiveled from their places at the table. 
Ora mae giggled,  poking Alice to get her attention.
Wilda rolled her eyes. Elwood stopped chewing and stared at his brother.
Maggie and clerphe gave each other a knowing look.
Is it that pretty little dark haired girl , Elvena? 
The two had been giving each other looks for weeks. They found excuses to sit in the same pew at church, and would sit under the oak trees after the service, just talking.
 Lost in each others company. 
Lonie blushed.
Yes ma'am. 
The war was raging overseas, and the young man wanted to marry her before he enlisted in the navy.
She had already accepted his proposal after her father had given his blessing.
He liked Lonie. He was a hard worker and would be a good father and provider for his daughter.


Well, its time for a party, declared his mother, smiling from ear to ear.
The next weekend they traveled to elvena's family home to introduce themselves amd plan the ceremony.
Her family welcomed them with open arms, speaking in french while they prepared the celebratory meal.




Grandchildren weren't too far in the future, their parents were certain. 
Lonie and Elvena married and before long, Maggie's prediction came true.
The young family had struck out on their own, moving west to the metropolis of lake charles. 
They named their first born Lonie Jr. Or Juneau as he was lovingly referred to. Jr.
The war had struck the United States and Lonie was eager to enlist.
Elvena had another son, Alto Roy, named after his paran ( godfather Roy).
When the young man went off to war, the babies and their momma stayed with clerphe and maggie.
Little Roy loved staying with maw maw and paw paw and all his aunts and uncles.
He would watch his paw paw working in the field, the sweet smell of cane syrup drifting from the mill, donkeys pulling wagons loaded with huge barrels. Barges on the intracoastal brought the syrup all the way to the Mississippi river to be shipped across the country. 
Later in life the young boy would return to the delta to work as a cane harvester. He later told his family it was the hardest job he had ever done. It gave the man a whole new perspective on how hard life was for his grandparents and father.
The work ethic that he later followed as a police officer and instilled in his three children and their children.  


        Chapter 20
The more he thought about it, young Roy began to make plans for his future.
He had been saving dimes and nickels for months from helping his father in the field. 
Nothing seemed to change here, and the determination for a better life began to solidify and grow in his heart.
This is a dead end place.
The mantra played over and over in his head.
Lying awake one night, he made up his mind.
The very next morning he approached his parents..
Momma? Daddy? I need to talk to you.
Maggie sat down on the bench outside the house, and clerphe stopped tinkering with the model t he had finally bought .
It needed a bit of work, but at least it ran. 
His father wiped his greasy hands on a rag he pulled from his overall pocket.
What is it boy? He already knew what the almost  17 year old was going to say.
Daddy. I'm moving to Texas.
Maggie's eyes filled with tears.
Don't cry momma the boy already felt bad enough for leaving his family. 
I already have a plan to get a job and send you money whenever I can.
Ill be fine. There are plenty of jobs there and you can come visit now that you have a car. 
When are you leaving? His mother blew her nose on a cotton handkerchief.
After the crops are harvested,  he replied excitedly.
Hugging her and placing his arms around her shoulders, he didn't let her see his own tears. 
Later that night, by the glow  of a lantern, he penned a letter to his cousin Sis, letting her know about his plans. She knew a lot of people in port Arthur, so he planned to ask her about places to stay while he looked for a job. 
The next day he took off to the post office to mail the letter whistling as he walked the mile to town.
The general store was across the street. Going in he approached the counter.
Well hello Roy! Beamed Mrs Comeaux
How's the family? 
Just great. Ms Comeaux, he grinned.
I was wondering if anyone has been talking about going to texas for any reason? 
I'm planning to leave soon and I really can't pay for a bus ticket. 
The closest station was in Lake Charles, so he would have to hitch a ride anyway. 
Hmmmm, the older woman thought for a minute.
As a matter of fact, the daigle boy is joining the army and I do believe he has to go to texas for processing .
I can ask Mr. Daigle the next time I see him.
Thank you so much Ms. Comeaux
 I'll see you in a few days.
The bell on the door seemed to seal his fate with a loud tinkle. Almost like a rite of passage to manhood.
He was leaving home.
The seasons changed yet again on the vermillion parish delta. 
Summer turned to fall and November arrived quickly. 
Too quickly as far as maggie gaspard was concerned.
Gathering out on the porch of their modest home , the family said their " see you laters" to the fourth born .
Lonie was still overseas fighting a war.
But the other 6 kids lined up to hug their brother and wish him well.
I'm going soon too, promised Elwood. 
Me too piped up wilda.
Me three!  claimed Ora mae who was only 12. 
Me too slipped in Margaret.
Her black curls framed her young face as she beamed at her older brother.
Little did Roy know that his family would waste no time following him to port Arthur texas.
Clerphe had been talking to the oil riggers from Texas who were working on pecan island . They had told him the refineries were begging for workers.
Paying upwards of 2.00 an hour for a 40 hour week. That's kings wages, he thought about it again. 
Mr Daigle pulled up in his old model t pickup truck and blasted the horn.


Hey there mr gaspard! He waved from the driver's seat.
Missus gaspard, he tipped his hat politely.
Grabbing his old suitcase and buttoning his tattered wool coat, Roy kissed his mothers soft cheek.
The younger children clung to his trousers , crying.
Shaking his fathers calloused hand, the young man gave his siblings one last hug and clambered up in the flat wooden bed of the truck. 
As the rattletrap vehicle made its way through the wagon and tire ruts leading  to the main road, Roy Gaspard sat proudly against the back window of that old truck, waving to his family as they got smaller and smaller then disappeared.
Sitting more comfortably, he fished a piece of beef jerky from his pocket and began chewing slowly. 
It had to last all the way.
The wind had picked up considerably, and he pulled the coat collar up around his ears. 
Soon his toes were tingling from the chilly air.
A fine misty rain began to blow in , soaking his hair as he began to shiver.
Blowing on his hands to warm them, he tapped on the back window.
Charles Daigle's curious face filled the space.
How much further? Queried the frozen young man.
Bout another hour, Charles replied, and quickly shut the window to keep the warmth inside the cab. 
Great..
He could envision being frozen to the wooden slats, having to be removed by a blowtorch. 
He must've drifted to sleep, his dreams warm like the sea air. His baby sister was playing in the sand, turning up her tiny face to catch the sun. 
Was she trying to speak to him? 
He knew then God was watching over him. 


A strange feeling in the pit of his stomach woke him, and turning around to look through the windshield his eyes grew wide.
What in the hell was that thing?
They were climbing the biggest tallest bridge he had ever seen. A sign was posted . " rainbow bridge"  It felt like they were going to the clouds and maybe up to a rainbow.
Tapping on the glass again, he yelled over the howling wind.
Where are we? 
Port Arthur. The window shut again.
As they descended the huge structure ,and he began to look around, his excitement grew. 
People were everywhere despite the chilly day. Going from one store to the next, their arms laden with packages.
Everyone was wearing shoes, and nice clothes. Were all the people in texas rich? The thought made Roy even more certain he had made the right decision.


A busy thoroughfare sign  declared, 
"Gulfway drive."
Beautiful homes and businesses lined the streets.
Cars honked and passersby waved at the frozen kid in the back of the truck
He smiled and waved back.


I'm home….


              Chapter 21
The old trucks gears ground to a halt.
This is as far as we're going , Mr Daigle yelled out the window towards the back of the truck.
Scrambling off the boards, Roy's tingling feet hit the pavement. Shaking the older man's hand and wishing Charles the best of luck in the army, he stood on the sidewalk of Houston Ave. 
Fishing Sis's crumpled letter from his back pocket he took it from the envelope and checked the address she had given him.
2203 Houston ave.
It was supposed to be the nicest boarding house in town, and very cheap.
It was run by an older couple who were good christian folks according to his cousin
 He began walking until he found the right place.
Knocking on the door, he waited.
An older gentleman poked his head out the screen door.
Can I help you young man? His spectacles hung on his nose. Gray hairs poked out of his ears. 
My name is Roy gaspard.
I'm from Louisiana and I need a place to stay.
My cousin gave me your address.
Earl? Who's that ?
A matronly woman peeked around earl.
Well don't just stand there! She admonished her husband.
Can't you see this poor young fella is tired and hungry? He looks like a wet cat.
Pushing past her bewildered husband the woman grabbed Roy's elbow and led him into the boarding house.
 I'm Myrtle Simon, she introduced herself.
This is my husband earl.
Are you hungry? I have some fresh bologna sandwiches and milk.
Ill be right back, she disappeared into the kitchen, returning with a serving tray .
Setting it  on the table, she proceeded to pepper Roy with questions.
Between bites, he told her as much as he could get in edgewise with her constant chatty input .
He was beginning to have a headache.
You poor dear! Myrtle exclaimed. Here I am prattling on when you probably just want to have a nice bath and rest.
Let me show you to your room.
Relieved and grateful, he followed the matronly woman.
After a hot  bath in a real tub he put on his nightshirt and passed out on the clean crisp sheets. 
A couple miles away Euphemie trahan had just finished her shift at the texas company store.
She hated the job.
Her sister Maudry had gotten it for her, and she knew she should be grateful
 Paying one third of the rent wasnt easy. 
But the men who worked at the refinery flirted with her every day.
It was exhausting. The store was located on the property where the huge refinery was located.
Texaco refining company. An oil refining operation located off Savanna ave, supplying oil products and gasoline to the country. Built in the early 1900's right after the oil boom at Lucas gusher in Beaumont texas. With the onset of ww2, the place was buzzing with activity.
The company store had everything the employees of texaco could possibly need. Work clothes, steel toe boots, groceries, and various sundries.
Maudry and Euphie worked the lunch counter, serving hot meals and sandwiches. Almost every day, as  the men filed in for a hot plate and a cup of coffee, at least one of them would greet her. " Well hello there sweet thing" grinning stupidly at her as if she cared. 
Most of them were married and had children, so why in Gods name would they need to flirt with her? 
Maudry had already gotten married to her longtime boyfriend, joe, and they all lived together in a small rent house on pecos avenue.
She loved living with her sister and brother in law. 
 There was always something to do in port Arthur. 
Almost every night they would go dancing and stop at the soda shop on the way home. 
Cmon sister, maud linked arms with euphemie as they headed to the bus stop laughing and planning the evening.


 Waking up in a strange quiet place was unnerving and it took Roy a few minutes to realize he wasn't at home anymore.
Nobody had poked him in the ribs or slung their arms over his face. It was a very strange feeling.
He wasn't sure if he was happy or sad. 
A knock on his door and Mrs Simon announced breakfast.
I hope you're hungry! She retreated to the kitchen as he dressed for the day. The smells of frying bacon, pancakes and fresh coffee wafted down the hall. His stomach grumbled. 
He was determined to find a  job right after breakfast.
A newspaper was rolled up on the table, so he opened it to the classified section.
Perusing the ads, he spotted several that looked promising.
"Wanted for immediate opening" Door to door insurance salesman.
Whitney insurance agency.
Wo- 22124
1445 procter street. 
May I use your telephone? Roy had very seldom had an opportunity to call anyone . He hoped he didnt get a wrong number he pushed his chair back. 
Right in the hallway,  pointed earl.
Picking up the receiver he dialed 0.
Operator, may I place your call? A nasally voice inquired. It sounded like the woman was chewing tobacco..
Yes ma'am. Whitney insurance agency please.
His stomach was doing somersaults at the prospect of a real job interview.
Whitney insurance, may I help you?
Another woman came on the line. 
I'm calling about the ad in the paper? His voice tried to stay steady.
He had no clue what a door to door  insurance salesman did, but he was about to find out. 
Oh yes!  Can you be here at 10? 
Yes ma'am he agreed eagerly.
His first real life interview. 


             Chapter 22


Giggling still at an inside joke,  the girls rushed into the house.
What took you so long? Joe snapped at Maudry.
We just got off work, she replied defensively, sensing an argument coming, she gave him a kiss on the lips.
The buses were running late, silly goose.
His gaze relaxed .
Joe graffanino was pure Italian, and he had a mean streak.
Everything had to be perfect in Joe's world.
Food, the house's cleanliness, his clothes.
Maudry wished he would get drafted.
If he thought for a minute he was gonna push her around, he was dead wrong. She was a Trahan, and she didnt back down.
Ill go back to mommas, she had threatened on several occasions.
Then he would apologize.
Same shit every time.
But she loved him, and he treated her well most of the time.
Pushing her anger aside, she started supper clanging the pots and pans louder than she probably should have. Oh well, she ahrugged. 
Spaghetti sauce with fresh bread was a staple in the house. It was cheap and joe wanted it at least twice a week.
War time meant rations on everything though. 
Sugar, meat, gasoline and nylon stockings.
So no meat tonight. 
Euphemie didn't mind though.
Her sister made the best spaghetti sauce she had ever tasted. 
Finishing supper, the trio got dressed to go dancing. It was the middle of the big hand era, and euphemie loved to listen to the music.
On occasion a good looking guy would ask her to dance. 
There weren't too many eligible bachelors around town. Most had been drafted or were already married. 
Making their way down Houston Ave, they swung into their favorite juke joint. The Spinnin top. Located next door to the ice cream shop and across from a row of boarding houses, it was in the heart of town. . Loud music spilled from the open door, a couple drunk guys already itching for a fight argued with each other . 
A group of friends waved to join them at a corner booth by the bandstand. 
What'll it be? A skinny waitress held a round tray.
Beer all around offered joe before anyone could speak up. 
She hurried to the bar to place the order.
Shouting to be heard over the music , one of the young men at the table asked , would you like to dance? 
Sure, Euphie replied sliding from the bench. 
How ya been? 
Fine , she smiled at him.
He had a kind face and a nice smile.
His name was James, but everybody called him jimmy.
His family was still in Louisiana too, so they had a lot in common. They had become friends over the past few months, and euphemie knew he wanted to take it further.
But she just wasn't attracted to Jimmy.
It wasnt that he was ugly, he was a very handsome guy, but there just weren't any sparks. 
No butterflies when he smiled at her,  no shiver when he grabbed her hand to dance.  Nothing.
It was like dancing with her brother.
As a slow waltz began, she dropped his hands, and started back to finish her drink.
She didnt notice his crestfallen face.


As Roy arrived at the insurance agency earlier that same day, he was greeted by a young secretary.
You must be Mr Gaspard, she smiled at him.
If you would take a seat , ill let Mr whitney know you're here.
MR GASPARD? he almost laughed out loud. It took everything he had not to look around for his father.
Is everyone in Texas so formal? Before he could muse on the formality any further, a tall thin gentleman emerged from the back.
His balding head reflected the overhead light, a pencil mustache wiggled as he introduced himself.
I'm Gerald Whitney, you must be Roy.
Extending his sweaty palm, and hoping the man didn't notice, the 17 year old shook his hand firmly. Never let em see you sweat , his daddy had always said. 
Leaving the insurance office 30 minutes later, Mr Roy Gaspard had achieved gainful employment on his first full day in a strange city. 
The two lonely dollar bills in his wallet would soon have company. He couldn't wait to write to his folks and tell them the good news.
He was certain they would make the move in the not too distant future.
Later that evening, he asked Mr Simon where the best place to celebrate would be.
The old man's eyes lit up.
Oh! The Spinnin top for sure!  Thats where I met my myrtle, he winked at his wife.. Oh Earl! Myrtle blushed and bustled back to her kitchen, humming a snappy tune. Later that evening over supper ( more boloney sandwiches) , Roy told the Simon's more about his family back home.
A knock at the door , and a voice called out. Hello! Mom, dad, anybody home?
In the kitchen, son, earl replied.
Thomas Simon was a tall burly young fella, and was the spitting image of his father.
His dark hair was already thinning on top and his smile was genuine.
Roy liked him immediately.
Howdy do, the boy shook Roy's hand.
Do you happen to know ANYTHING about cars? Mines been acting up lately and dad can't help me like he used to.
What about we work on it tomorrow ?
Sure thing, the other boy answered. I do know a thing or two, cause my daddy bought a car right before I moved down here. Excusing himself from the table, he retired  for the night. He sat at the old desk in his room and wrote a long letter to his parents. He told them about his new job, earl and myrtle Simon, and the friend he had already made. 
Before sealing the envelope, he fished out a dollar bill and folded it carefully inside the paper. 
Momma and daddy need this more than I do. Man he really missed his family. 




            Chapter 23


The next day was a Saturday. Waking early, Roy grabbed a cup of hot coffee and went to explore a bit of the town before meeting Thomas.
Heading south on houston Ave, he ran into Proctor street and turned east. This was where all the bars and more risqué establishments were. He could smell sour beer and lingering cigarette smoke. The port of port Arthur wasnt too far away , he coukd hear the big cargo ships' lonely horns as they docked .  Plenty of sailors and longshoremen frequented the area, and their type of entertainment after being at sea for months at a time was the kind you paid for by the hour.  Further down there was a huge building called the Sabine hotel. The street was packed with cars and pedestrians even at this early hour.
As he made a turn to the north, the streets became more residential. Duplexes and garage apartments crowded together, and it seemed as if every single one of them was occupied.  
He sure hoped his parents could find a place when they got here. 
Making his way to the address Thomas had given him, he ended up on Philadelphia street. One block from where he started. 
Thomas was already outside and waved at Roy. 
Hey bud! His grease smeared face grinned at his new friend.
Do ya want a beer? 
Isn't it early for a drink? 
Never ! Replied Thomas, taking another sip from his bottle. 
Reaching into a sack, he handed roy a beer.
He had never really drank, except for an occasional sip of moonshine his great granddaddy made from a still in his backyard.
Momma frowned on alcohol of any kind, and if she could see him with a bottle in his hand at 7 o'clock in the morning, she would probably whack him with it. 
Rolling himself back under the old 37 Studebaker, Thomas continued with his task. Try to start it, his muffled voice came from under the car.
Climbing behind the wheel, roy pushed the button on the dash. Rerrrrrerrreeere. 
She wants to turn over, try again he instructed. 
This time the engine roared to life. It sounded like a dying cat.
Lets take her for a spin, thomas came out from under the vehicle and climbed in the passenger side. 
Roy stared at his friend. You want ME to drive? Well yea goofball, why do ya think i'm sitting over here?
Putting the car in reverse, they coasted down the driveway and headed towards Houston Ave.
Halfway down the block, it sputtered and died.
Shit. Thomas cursed and slapped the dashboard. 
This time both boys scooted under the car to see what was going on. They had pushed it next to the sidewalk, and as more and more people woke up and began milling around, roy was afraid he would trip an unsuspecting pedestrian.
He put his legs under the car and scooted in feet first. 
Laughter caught his attention, so he poked his head out to see .
Two girls were walking towards the car making their way down the busy sidewalk. 
They were wearing heels, and pretty spring dresses. As they approached him, he moved his body even closer to the sidewalk. One of the young women noticed him, and stared down reproachfully. Are you trying to look under our dresses? Her brown eyes flashed at him, her pretty cheeks blushing with incredulity. 
How DARE you! She and her companion walked off in a huff, arms entwined, heads close together , whispering. 
. Roy let out a low wolf whistle.  With a backward glare she flipped her hair and disappeared into the sea of people. He could hear them giggling. 
 
Wow, she has some nice legs, he thought. And the rest of her aint bad either. He blushed when he saw his friend's wide smile.   Thomas poked his arm.
Texas has some  real cuties for sure, he grinned. 


What say we go out tonight? I know just the place to meet girls.
 As euphemie shined her white patent leather dancing shoes later that afternoon, that low whistle and the bespectacled young mechanic toyed with her thoughts. 
Lets go! Its getting late! Joe was standing on the front porch tapping his feet. Whats taking so damn long? 
When his wife and euphemie emerged from the house, his eyes popped.
His sister in law was stunning. She had taken extra care with her curly brown hair and had applied a touch of powder and lipstick to her perfect complexion.
She and Maudry had a natural beauty that required very little if any makeup.
Euphie was wearing a pleated yellow dress she had made herself. It fit her slim figure perfectly and complemented her tan complexion.
The three locked arms and made their way to the dance hall.
Saturday nights were always busy,and the usual line had formed to get inside. Greeting people they knew they made their way to the regular table in back.


Roy and thomas took the old car to the Spinnin top and parked across the street. 
Entering the place, thomas saw two of his other buddies at a big corner booth.
As he introduced roy to everyone, the young man glanced around the place, already enjoying the atmosphere and his new found friends. Halfway around the room, he stopped.
Directly across the floor was a booth occupied by 4 young women and …
He couldn't see anyone else…..
It was her….! Turning to his friends, he said. ' See
 that group of girls over there?' 
You can ask any of them to dance. But leave the little short one for me. She's mine, and I'm gonna marry her one day. His new friends rolled their eyes and laughed. Yea, sure bud, whatever you say. 
Would you like to dance? Euphie looked up, expecting to see a guy she had already turned down standing there with cow eyes. A retort sat on the tip of her tongue. 
Looking up from her drink her eyes grew wide, as she recognized the boy who had whistled at her earlier.
Roy stood there blushing, afraid she was about to say no, but to his delight she nodded and slid out of the booth. 
Leading the beautiful girl to the dance floor, he introduced himself. Roy gaspard, he shook her hand politely. 
I'm euphemie Trahan, she blushed and smiled.
They talked and danced the night away, the conversation never lagging. Their families, the war, the schools they had attended. 
When the hall closed at 1, he walked home with her, a few steps behind Maudry and joe.
I really want to see you again, 
That would be great, she smiled and touched his arm.
A feeling like he had never known enveloped him, as he grinned at euphemie.
Can I have your number? As she wrote it on a piece of paper, he stuffed it in his pocket and thanked her again for a wonderful evening. 
Ill call you tomorrow,he promised as he walked to the road.
He felt like he was floating on air. 
As he drifted into a deep peaceful sleep that night, Miss Euphie filled his dreams. 
Back in her own bed, euphemie couldn't stop thinking about the evening. 
Butterflies filled her stomach thinking of the handsome young man.
Roy. 
She sighed and fell asleep.


Half a world away, his momma and daddy had received a letter in the mail. It contained one dollar and very good news. Pride and excitement filled the gaspard home in pecan island Louisiana. 
It was time to move to texas.


           Chapter 25


Pleasure island was the place to go in 1943.
Carnival rides, corn dogs, and a huge swimming pool welcomed guests from across the area.
Young couples on dates, families with their little ones paid 10 cents to ride the ferris wheel or the merry go round. Squeals of delight filled the evening air as Roy, Euphie, Maud and Joe walked across the draw bridge from lakeshore drive to the island. 
The bright summer moon shone brightly on them, as Roy reached for the young girl's hand. 
Stopping next to the gigantic oleander trees lining the walkway, he took her other hand.
Let's get married.
Her eyes sparkled under the moon and a smile played on her rosy lips.
Marriage? Are you sure you want to marry a sassy little cajun? 
He grinned at her. You bet I do.
Kissing her full on her beautiful mouth, the young man knew in his heart they would be together until the day they died.
Euphie was ecstatic. She couldn't believe her good fortune.
Roy was kind, very handsome and had a heart of gold. He worked long hours and had saved enough to help his parents move to port Arthur.
They had arrived the weekend prior with all the kids still living at home. 
Wilda had gotten married, as had Elwood. 
Ora mae, alice, margaret and little virginia were all still at home .
On August 15, 1944, the young couple married at the Port Arthur courthouse.
Maggie had signed for her son to marry because he was only 19.
They moved into their first garage apartment that day.
He had saved enough going door to door selling insurance to put a down payment on the place. 
His young wife, however, was about to put a stop to that door to door crap.
There were a lot of desperate house wives who answered the door to her new husband, and she didn't like it one bit. 
One in particular made her blood boil.
The woman had come to the door in a negligee. Roy had told her the story one evening after supper.
Now who in the hell did that unless they were looking for a man?
Don't get so mad, Roy had chided his new bride. I didn't take her up on anything, he grinned mischievously at her.
His shit eating grin made her even madder.
What's so damn funny? She yelled at him, taking Roy aback. 
Somebody's gotta pay the bills, he snapped right back at her. You quit your job.
Anger spit from her eyes and the words clipped him.
You TOLD me to quit because you hated men flirting with me, yet here you are selling insurance to a bunch of half naked women.
I want YOU to find another job, she pointed at him.
Until then, I'll be at mommas.
Stunned, Roy watched his wife pack her suitcase and walk out the door.


The bus ride to cow island Louisiana was long and lonely.
Getting off the old bus, euphemie walked the long dusty drive as she had so many times as a young girl.
Nothing had changed since the last time she was home. The fields looked the same, the old oak trees still hung with grey moss, and the house looked like it did the day she got on the bus with her sister. 
Euphemie!!! Martha screeched as she bolted off the long front porch where her momma was doing laundry. An old wringer with a handle sat in front of Emithilde as her salt and pepper hair escaped a loose bun.
A huge smile lit her eyes. Andre! Its euphemie! 
Andre came from around back, where he had been cleaning ducks.
She dropped her suitcase and ran the rest of the way, throwing her arms around her dad, tears streaming down her face. I missed you . he said in French. Moi tete fi.
My little girl.
                 Chapter 26.


Explaining to her family why she hadn't written before she took the bus to Louisiana was harder than she thought. 
But no cajun family worth their salt holds secrets from their kin.
He's going door to door for a stupid insurance company. Her brown eyes flashed, remembering her anger.
Bunch of old whore women answering the door in their underwear flirting with my husband.
Tsk tsk what a shame, her momma reassured her oldest daughter. You can stay here as long as you want. 
Martha, the youngest said, mean old roy. Everybody laughed and changed the subject. 
Raymond , roland, audrey, alex,  rosella and martha all still lived at home, although ray was dating a gorgeous girl and It was just a matter of time before he moved out too.
Sitting at the family table that night Emithilde told her family she was having a baby. Andre grinned.
 The last one, we promise, he grinned at his family.
As her 2 grandkids sat on their momma, wrelseys lap and her oldest  daughter scooped more mash potatoes on her little sisters plate, every body just smiled and thought of how the seasons had changed.


I think its time to move to texas, andre announced at breakfast the next morning.
Yay! Martha screeched, grabbing roland and spinning around. She missed her two oldest sisters so much, and really wanted to go to a bigger school. When do we leave? 
As soon as we get a place to stay over there, andre scratched his stubbly chin, amd grinned at his wife. She had been asking him for months to make the leap. Things were so much better there, and he could easily get a job farming rice.
 Labelle texas was the rice capital of texas, and the farmers were always looking for experienced workers. 
Later that evening, as Euphemie sat in the rocking chair she had occupied dozens of times, she gazed at the setting sun, watching the nightingales settle in for the night.
In the distance, a lonely figure approached. 
Shielding her eyes with her hand, her eyes squinting against the glare, she blinked in shock
Can't be...Could it?
Taking the last step off the porch, she began walking to the figure.
 His hat askew on top of his head, an old suitcase clutched in his sweaty palm. Trousers streaked with dust, his shirt untucked. He looked lost and forlorn. 
Roy??? Euphemie ran to her husband. What are you doing here?
Scooping her into his chest, he buried his face in her hair. I'm so sorry, moi fi. Glancing up at his handsome face, she grinned. I got another job, at the steel mill, he smiled at her. 
Really? When? The day you left I quit whitneys . I can't be without you, his voice broke, as he cleared his throat.
I promise ill never leave you again , grabbing his face she kissed his dusty lips. 
Spending a few days with her family proved to be a good reprieve for the young couple.
We gotta get back home, she hugged her mother. As soon as we get back, roy will start looking for a house for yall. 
And he was true to his word, even putting up the first month's rent. Andre tried to pay the young man back, but roy never did accept the money. 
They eventually settled in Labelle, as did Andrew, Wrelsey and their 3 young children. 
He followed in his dads footsteps, becoming a rice farmer too. 
One summer day in 1945, Emithilde gave birth to the family's baby. Luther james.
Not too long after that, Maggie, Roy's mother , completed their family as well, giving birth to a son, clerphe barnaby .


And on a rundown house boat on a bayou  in Lacassinne Louisiana, a boy was born into a dirt poor family. The boat had holes in the floor where his father put down bait and caught catfish through the hole. Selling the fish was their sole source of income.
The children were undernourished , their little bellies distended with pinworms caused from eating only fish. Their father was a mean drunk who cared for nothing except his liquor bottle and the loose women in town. The only saving grace for little Anson Daley was the time he spent at his grandmother's house. She was kind and always made him special treats to eat. His favorite was her homemade cinnamon rolls with a glass of milk. Esther Daley loved children, unlike his own parents who cared less if he or his siblings lived or died. The day his grandmother passed away was the worst day of ansons young life, because then he had no place to run. And his father grew meaner. As soon as he was old enough, he hitched a ride to Texas.




So as euphemie and roy's brothers and sisters married and grew their young families, there were no cries of a baby for roy and Euphie. 
Is there something wrong with me? 
Each month that passed, every year that went by without a child was like a stab in the gut for her. 
I'm a failure, she cried once again as her period appeared , like a robber taking away her motherhood. 
I hate this, as her husband hugged her tight and let her cry. 
Although they had no children of their own, there was no shortage of kids who loved to spend time with uncle roy and aunt Boone( euphies nickname)
214 East 14th St in Port Arthur was their first real home. It was a duplex with a garage apartment in back. They lived on one side and rented out the other. 
Who should we rent to? Queried euphemie. Can't be anybody who's loud or a drunk. 
Or a slob, offered roy. I'm not cleaning up after a bunch of pigs. 
Let's put an ad in the paper they agreed. 
A few days later, a young man knocked on the door. 
Yes sir, I'm answering the ad about the duplex for rent? 
Roy gaspard, roy offered his hand
 Grasping it firmly, Raul Vincent introduced himself. This is my wife, Ouida. 
Two little girls hid behind their mommas dress, peeking out at the stranger curiously. 
How do you do? Ouida said politely.
These are our girls, Carol and Janis
They moved in that weekend, and the young children took an immediate liking to the Gaspards.
Little Carol loved to visit euphemie during the day
 Toddling over to the door right next to hers, she would knock and call out Timi? And of course euphie would bring the child inside and give her a cookie or a glass of lemonade.
One day, she thought to herself. We'll have a baby of our own. When the vincents eventually moved, the young woman cried. She missed her little friend. 


           Chapter 27


As the seasons continued to move and changed, roy went to work for a big refinery in port neches TX.
Neches Butane. He was the youngest painter they had hired and he took great pride in his new trade.
I'm buying a piece of property, he told his wife. What? Where? 
The new addition in port Arthur. Fairlea.
They had just bought a brand new 1957 Plymouth, and were planning a trip to California. Audrey and her husband Arthur lived in Van nuys
She could hardly wait. California. It sounded so exotic. 
We're building a house? I can't believe it! She squealed excitedly. 
 She felt so lucky. So blessed. 
Still…….
Stop it! She reprimanded herself. 
God has a plan for us. The mantra was something that got her through many teary nights.
Rosella's young son Jody clung to his aunt Boone. All the kids spent the night with them, there was plenty of love from their nieces and nephews. 
But still. 
 
            Chapter 28


In Laporte Texas, Roy's cousin Sis spoke to her niece. Her sister's daughter. The girl was wild and unruly. Constantly running away from home and giving her parents endless grief. I HATE them! Her pretty face scrunched up in a scowl . they don't understand me, and I HATE being here. Sis tried to calm down the 14 year old. Her pretty green eyes and curly auburn hair were  gonna get her in trouble. Older men were already ogling the young girl, and if her sister was right, Wilma was talking to an 18 year old. 
What's his name wilma? Sis knew if she prodded too much the teenage girl would just shut down and run off.
None of your damn business, her emerald eyes flashed at her aunt. You'll just run and blab your big mouth to my stupid mother and ill be punished. Again!  You wouldn't know him in the first place . 


He's not from here thank GOD!  
Try me, coaxed Sis. I know a lot of people believe it or not. She smiled at Wilma trying to earn her trust. 
She's right though, she thought to herself. I am telling her parents. This kid is out of control. 
Shrugging her shoulders and flipping her hair, she turned to her aunt.
His name is Anson Daley. 
Is he from lacassine? 
No way, Sis thought to herself. That's too much of a coincidence. I mean it's a small world, but it wasn't even remotely possible?  Was  it? 
Wilma spun around and faced her aunt. How the hell did you know? She asked incredulously, her eyes shocked.
I told you, I know a lot of people Sis shrugged nonchalantly, knowing wilma was in a corner now. 
You really need to be careful of him. He's been around from what I hear, and his family isn't that great. 
You're only 14 wilma.
 You're gonna mess around and get pregnant.
So what if I do? Flashed wilma. And what do you care anyway? Anson says he wants lots of kids, wilma giggled and started to the door.
God help us thought Sis.
Anson daley had moved to laporte in 1960. Finding a job offshore working on a tugboat was right up his alley. He had tried to make a better life than what he had experienced as a young child. His only problem was Wilma. They had met when she was 14, although she lied about her age, swearing to Anson she was older.
The young girl had thrown herself at him ever since they had met. 
Unrelenting, she showed up at his place every day with little more on but a pair of shorts and a crop top. He began to care for her and not realizing she was 16 instead of 18, he had proposed to her. Only after they had married, had he found her birth certificate.
You LIED TO ME???? 
So what if I did, her  eyes mocked him. You married me. He couldn't believe how stupid he had been. 
 By then it was too late.
She was pregnant.
Trying to make the best of it, knowing they couldn't afford a child, Anson worked long hours trying to pay for diapers and food. But no matter how hard he tried, wilma took absolutely no interest in being a mother.
When the baby would cry, she would yell at him to pick him up, claiming it got on her nerves. 
One day in particular, she was in a foul mood, moping around.
What's the matter with you? 
You don't wanna know she snapped at him. 
Just tell me, he was weary of her bullshit. He had caught his brother at their apartment when he had returned from work early. Since  that day he and wilma had fought constantly.
Getting up from the table, she ran to the bathroom. 
He heard the sounds of his wife vomiting into the toilet.


    Chapter 29


The phone on the wall at 3926 Redbud in port Arthur rang.
Drying her hands on a kitchen towel and turning down the pot of collard greens and turnip on the o'keefe and Merritt stove, euphemie ran to grab the receiver.
Hello ? She answered a bit out of breath.
Boone? Its Sis. Her husbands cousin sounded excited.
Hello Sis! How are you ? Euphie sat in the blue padded rocking chair next to the phone. 
Im good.
I have some news sis paused. 
The 41 year old waited expectantly for her to continue. 
Do you remember Sally? 
Sure, what about her? 
Well, there's a young mother who has given up her children. There's a little 6 month old girl. 
Euphemies heart was beating out of her chest. 
Its her daughter, wilma. The social services picked up her kids. 
Do you and Roy still want to adopt a baby? 
Euphemie dropped the phone and run out the back door where her husband of almost 20 years was tilling up their spring garden.
ROY!!! We have a little girl! 
Rushing inside he picked sis off the floor where she was still hanging on the phone.
Sis? Where do I need to go? 


Later that evening he returned with the child his wife had waited 20 years to hold.
The babys blonde reddish hair and green eyes melted her heart.
Poor little thing, she rocked the baby and fed her a warm bottle. 
Her little heels were bruised from beating them on the wooden dresser drawer where her mother had left her. A big bruise covered her cheek.
Who in Gods name would strike a baby? 
The doctor later confirmed her cheek bone was fractured.
Roy saw red. 
They later found out that the babys older brother who was 18 months old had tapeworms and  his little teeth were rotten. 
They were both severely malnourished and the girl had scarlet fever.
She spent two weeks in the hospital between life and death.
All roy and Euphies family came to the hospital to visit and to hold the baby once she got better.
Roys daddy clerphe passed away, as had his mother, before they could see their son become a father.
What should we name her? They had asked all their family members to pick a name.
In the end they decided on Rachel.
Two years later, the same mother, wilma Daley had another child.
Again, social services took him away from his mother. 
And once again the Gasoards stepped up and took the sickly little boy.
They named him Kevin.
It was impossible they had thought to have children of their own, but God had made a way where there was none. 
Enjoying their young family the Gaspards settled into a routine of love and laughter. 
Another phone call in 1968 from social services for yet another child of Ms. Daley. This time, Euphemie looked down at her 4 year old daughter and almost 2 year old little boy.
No, we are happy with these two. She smiled at her children. And if God allows me to live long enough to raise them, I will be satisfied.
And He did.
















 
























       








 




































             




































  








 


















               




 
















 
 
 




 


























,




























































 


     


























 


 .